 The Waterman is a coffee shop located in the city centre and has a price range of less than £ 20. 

 The Phoenix is a cheap fast food pub. 

 The Phoenix is a French food pub that serves French food and it has a moderate price range. It's in riverside. 

 The Vaults is a moderately priced Italian pub near the city centre. It's moderately priced and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating of 5. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub near Café Sicilia in the riverside area and is a cheap Japanese pub. 

 The Phoenix is a restaurant in the city centre. It is a children friendly and has a price range of £ 20 - 25. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub with an average customer rating, that serves Italian food for less than £ 20. 

 The Punter is a high priced restaurant called The Punter located near Café Sicilia. 

 Blue Spice is a family friendly pub in the riverside area near the riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a family - friendly, in the city centre. It is a pub that is family - friendly and is kid friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a restaurant, kid friendly, kid friendly, and has a price range of £ 20 - 25. 

 The Phoenix has a low customer rating, and provides Indian food in the city centre. It has an average customer rating. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Wrestlers is a kid friendly coffee shop offering Japanese food that serves Japanese food in Riverside area. 

 The Punter is an average rated coffee shop located near the river. It is not family - friendly and has an average customer rating. 

 The Vaults is a child - friendly restaurant in the city centre near the city centre near the city centre area of more than £ 30. 

 The Wrestlers is a pub near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside. It is a pub that serves Japanese food. It is located in the high price range. 

 Blue Spice is a pub serving English food in the moderate price range. It is located in the riverside area. 

 Green Man is a kid friendly restaurant that serves Italian food in Riverside. 

 Zizzi is a restaurant. It has a high customer rating of 3 out of 5. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese food and is kid friendly environment, located in the riverside area near the riverside area, but it's a child friendly atmosphere. 

 The Wrestlers is a kid friendly coffee shop that is a moderate price range. It is kids friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a high priced Japanese restaurant located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 Blue Spice is a pub that serves English food in riverside area. It is located in Riverside. 

 Giraffe is a pub that serves Chinese food. 

 The Waterman is an Italian pub in riverside area and price range in the riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub near Café, in the riverside area with an average customer rating. It is a high price range and is located in the high. 

 The Phoenix is a low priced coffee shop that serves Fast food and has a low customer rating. 

 The Cricketers is a family - friendly, near the river near All Bar One, and has a rating and is not family - friendly environment. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly coffee shop that is family friendly and is located in riverside area near the riverside area. 

 The Waterman is a family friendly Indian restaurant that serves Indian food in the city centre. It has a price range of less than £ 20. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food in the city centre and has a high price range. It is located in the city centre near Café Rouge. 

 The Vaults is a child friendly coffee shop. It is located in riverside. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that has a high customer rating. It is located near All Bar One. It is located near All Bar One. It is not kids friendly. 

 Located near Café Sicilia is a pub near Café Sicilia that serves English food in the riverside area. It is not child friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a pub located in riverside. The Phoenix offers French food for less than £ 20. It is not family friendly and has a low customer rating. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop that is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine 

 The Mill is an average priced pub that serves English food in the riverside area. It is located on the riverside. 

 The Phoenix serves Indian food in the riverside area, near the riverside area, is a coffee shop serving Indian food. 

 The Phoenix, a high rated Fast food restaurant that is a high priced Fast food. It is children friendly. 

 The Waterman is a child friendly restaurant in riverside area. It is in riverside area. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub located near Café Brazil in the city centre near Café Adriatic. It's in the city centre near Café Adriatic. 

 Located in the city centre is a coffee shop. It serves Indian food. It has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5. 

 The Punter is a kid friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Café Sicilia. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving Japanese food. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop located near Ranch with a 1 out of 5 customer rating. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop with a high price range near the riverside, located near Café Sicilia. It is not child friendly. 

 Near Ranch, there is a highly rated coffee shop called The Cricketers. It is kid friendly. 

 The Mill is a child friendly coffee shop located near the city centre near Café Sicilia. It has a high price range and is in the city centre. 

 Green Man is a family friendly Italian food place near the riverside area. It is near the Green Man. 

 The Mill is a pub located near the river. It is children friendly pub in the riverside area. 

 Cocum is a pub. It is a pub that has an average rating. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near Ranch. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced pub serving English food. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Wrestlers is an Italian restaurant in the riverside area that offers Italian food. It is not family friendly. 

 The Punter is an Indian coffee shop providing Indian food in the high price range. It is near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is average. 

 The Green Man is a moderate price range and is kid friendly with a moderate price range. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Italian food. It is not kid friendly and has an average customer rating and has a price range of £ 20 - 25. 

 Near the riverside area is a family - friendly coffee shop called The Cricketers. It is family friendly and is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. 

 The Punter is a cheap coffee shop near the Café Sicilia with a 5 out of 5. It has a customer rating. It has a customer rating of 5. 

 The Wrestlers is a kid friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating. 

 The Phoenix is a French restaurant in riverside area. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Mill is a low - friendly coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a coffee shop in Riverside area near the city centre. It has a price range of less than £ 20. It has a price range of less than £ 20. 

 The Waterman is a non family friendly Indian restaurant in the riverside area. It is not family friendly. 

 Green Man is a kid friendly pub with Japanese food and has a moderate price range. 

 Located in the riverside area, The Vaults is a kids friendly pub with a high price range. It is child friendly. It is located in riverside area near the riverside area. 

 The Punter is a children friendly coffee shop with a high price range. It is located near Express by Holiday Inn. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. 

 The Phoenix is a cheap Fast food place in riverside area near the riverside area. 

 The Punter is a child friendly place near Café Sicilia. It is near Café Sicilia. 

 Giraffe is a fast food pub located near the riverside. It is children friendly 

 The Vaults is a pub that provides Indian food in the riverside. It is located near Café Sicilia. 

 Green Man is a Japanese pub near the riverside near the Green Man. 

 The Mill is a pub that serves English food. It is located on the riverside. 

 The Vaults is a pub near the riverside area near Café Brazil. It is near Café Rouge and is located near Café Rouge. 

 The Mill is a cheap pub located in the riverside area. They serve fast food. It's also serves fast food. 

 Green Man is a child friendly and is located in the riverside area near Café Rouge. 

 The Cricketers is an average rated restaurant located near the river near Ranch. 

 The Wrestlers is a moderate priced Japanese pub that is kid friendly. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is kids friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly pub near Ranch. It is family friendly and it has a customer rating. 

 The Giraffe is a family friendly pub located near the river. 

 Green Man is a child friendly pub that offers Italian food in the high price range. 

 The Punter is a non family - friendly restaurant providing Italian food in the price range. It is not family friendly. 

 The Punter is a family friendly restaurant that is family friendly. It is near Café Sicilia. 

 The Mill is a coffee shop serving English food in the city centre. It's not family - friendly. It's not family - friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop located near Ranch. 

 Green Man is a kid friendly pub that offers Italian food. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a coffee shop that serves fast food and is located in the city centre near The Phoenix. 

 The Phoenix is a French pub in riverside area. It is a family friendly. It has a high customer rating and is located in the riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a Japanese coffee shop in the city centre. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop near Ranch and has an average customer rating. 

 The Mill is a family - friendly restaurant with a price range of less than £ 20. It is located near the city centre. 

 The Punter is a kids friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is located in the city centre near Café Sicilia. It is located in the city centre near Café Sicilia. 

 The Cricketers is an average rated, a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Café Rouge. It has an average rating. 

 The Vaults is a moderate priced pub that serves Italian food in the city centre and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not kid friendly. 

 Blue Spice serves Chinese food. It is kid friendly and is located in the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop near Ranch. It has a low customer rating. It is located near Ranch and is near Ranch and has a rating and is near Ranch. 

 The Punter is a cheap coffee shop near the city centre, family friendly. It is family friendly, near Café Sicilia. 

 The Cricketers is a cheap coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is a 5 customer rating 5. It is located near All Bar One. It is located near All Bar One. 

 The Waterman is a non - friendly Italian coffee shop in the city centre. 

 The Phoenix is a low price range less than £ 20 in Riverside area. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Wrestlers is a child friendly pub that serves Japanese food and is located on the riverside. 

 Green Man is a family friendly establishment that serves Japanese food. It is near the riverside area. 

 The Wildwood is a pub with a moderate price range. It is in the city centre near the city centre. 

 The Cricketers is a non family friendly coffee shop near Ranch. It has a low customer rating. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It is not family friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a pub serving Italian food that serves Italian food for children friendly. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Japanese food in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not kid friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop located near All Bar One with a low customer rating. 

 Blue Spice is a pub located in the city centre. It has a high customer rating of the city centre. 

 The Waterman is an adult restaurant in the city centre. It serves Italian food. It is not family friendly and the city centre. 

 The Cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop near All Bar One. It has a high customer rating. It has an average customer rating. It is located near All Bar One and is located near All Bar One. 

 Clowns is a coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. 

 The Cricketers is a children - friendly coffee shop serving English food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5, located near Café Rouge and is not kid friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a highly rated restaurant located near All Bar One that is a children friendly. It is located near All Bar One. 

 The Waterman is a family friendly Indian food restaurant in riverside area that provides Indian food in the riverside area. It is located in riverside area. 

 The Wrestlers is a moderate price range restaurant that offers a moderate price range. 

 The Portland Arms is a pub located near The Cricketers, near The Portland Arms and is located near The Portland Arms. It is not kids friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop serving Indian food near Ranch. It is located near Ranch. 

 The Wrestlers is a child friendly Japanese coffee shop that serves Japanese food. It is located in the city centre. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Waterman is a non family - friendly restaurant that serves Indian food with a price range of less than £ 20. It is not family - friendly. 

 There is a kids friendly restaurant called The Cricketers. It is near Ranch. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop near All Bar One in the city centre near All Bar One and has a high customer rating of £ 20 - 25. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly, family - friendly restaurant with a 5 out of 5 customer rating of 5 and is located near All Bar One. 

 Green Man is a family friendly pub that serves Japanese food. It is located near Café Rouge. 

 There is a cheap French pub located in the city centre near the city centre. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating of 5 out of 5, with a 5. 

 The Punter is a high priced Indian food restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. 

 Green Man is a family friendly pub located on the riverside. It is located near All Bar One. 

 The Punter is an Italian coffee shop located near the city centre near The Punter is not children friendly. 

 The Punter is a moderate price range. It is located near Café Sicilia with a moderate price range. It is kid friendly and has a moderate price range and is located near Café Sicilia. 

 There is a kid friendly French restaurant called The Vaults. It is in the riverside near Café Sicilia. 

 The Cricketers is a pub located near All Bar One in the city centre. It is a high customer rating. It is not children friendly and is near All Bar One. 

 Near the Ranch there is a child friendly restaurant called The Cricketers, but has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 The Vaults is a pub that serves Indian food at a high price range. It is in the city centre. 

 Near All Bar One, is a moderately priced restaurant called The Cricketers. 

 Near the riverside area, is a family friendly coffee shop called Giraffe. 

 The Mill is a high priced fast food pub in the riverside area. 

 The Plough is a pub near Café Rouge. They are located near Café Rouge. 

 The Cricketers is an Indian food restaurant with a customer rating and is a high customer rating that has an average customer rating. 

 The Wrestlers is a high - friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre area. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Mill is a mid - priced, mid - priced place that serves English food in the city centre. 

 The Phoenix, a coffee shop in the city centre, is a non family friendly fast food in the price range of less than £ 20 pounds. 

 The Mill, The Mill is a moderately priced pub with a moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop near Ranch. It's family friendly. 

 Blue Spice serves English food in Riverside. It is kid friendly and has a moderate price range. 

 The Portland Arms is a cheap, near The Cricketers is a family - friendly coffee shop that serves cheap environment. It is cheap, located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. 

 The Phoenix is a family friendly coffee shop that has a low customer rating. It is located near the riverside near the riverside area. 

 Green Man is a child friendly restaurant near the riverside near All Bar One. It is located near All Bar One. 

 Green Man is a pub near the riverside area near Café Rouge. It is a pub that serves Italian food and the riverside area. 

 There is a high priced, the riverside, with a high price range, The Cricketers coffee shop called The Cricketers, is high customer rating. 

 For a high priced French coffee shop near the Ranch. It's near the Ranch. 

 The Cricketers is a non family friendly restaurant located near to Express by Holiday Inn. They have an average customer rating and average customer rating. It is not family - friendly. 

 The pub serves Japanese food in the riverside area near the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers coffee shop near Ranch has a rating of 5 out of 5 customer rating of 5 and is near Ranch. 

 Strada has a customer rating of the city centre of £ 20 - 25 

 The Vaults is a pub located in riverside area. It is child friendly, it's near the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly, near the Ranch that is a family friendly coffee shop that provides Japanese food. It is located near Ranch. 

 The pub is a pub that serves Indian food. It is located in the city centre. 

 Wildwood is an Italian pub with a high price range of less than £ 20. 

 The Mill is a moderate price ranged pub located near the river, it's kids friendly. 

 Located near the riverside is a family friendly pub named Wildwood. 

 Cocum is a high priced restaurant that has a high customer rating. 

 The Punter is a high priced coffee shop serving Italian food. It is located near the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn. 

 Giraffe is a fast food pub that serves fast food. It is family friendly and is located near the riverside. 

 Blue Spice is a non family - friendly pub located near the riverside. It is not family friendly. 

 The Plough is a pub in the city centre, it is not family - friendly. 

 The Portland Arms is a non family - friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms is a coffee shop that is not kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 The Cricketers is a family - friendly coffee shop serving Indian food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly. 

 In riverside area there is a cheap, The Phoenix. It is a cheap restaurant named The Phoenix. 

 Located in the city centre, there is a kids friendly French pub called The Phoenix with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It has a customer rating of 5, with a 3 out of 5. 

 The Waterman is a high priced Italian restaurant that is located in the riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a moderately priced coffee shop that offers French food at a moderate price range. It is not family friendly. 

 The Mill is a cheap pub that serves fast food. It is located in the riverside area. 

 Giraffe is a pub that is located in the city centre near The Bakers. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub in the city centre. It is a kid friendly pub in the city centre and has a moderate price range. 

 Giraffe is a family friendly French pub serving French food. 

 The Phoenix is a moderately priced Fast food restaurant with a customer rating of Riverside. 

 Near the city centre is a restaurant called The Portland Arms called The Portland Arms, with an average customer rating, which is not children friendly and is not children friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly Japanese coffee shop that serves Japanese food and has a high price range. It is located in the riverside area. 

 Blue Spice is an adult oriented restaurant that is not family friendly. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Waterman is an Italian restaurant that is not child friendly. It is located in Riverside area near the riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a cheap Japanese pub located in the riverside area near the riverside area. It is not family - friendly. 

 There is a pub The Vaults in the city centre. It is not family - friendly. It is located near to The Vaults, and serves Japanese food. 

 The Vaults is a pub that serves Indian food. It is located near to eat and is kid friendly and is family friendly. 

 In riverside area is a cheap French food riverside area that has a cheap price range of the riverside area. 

 The Waterman is a kid friendly pub that is located in Riverside. It has a high customer rating and is located in riverside area. 

 Near Ranch is a family friendly coffee shop called The Cricketers. It is child friendly and is near Ranch. 

 Blue Spice serves Chinese food in the riverside area is kids friendly. Its customer rating is average. 

 The Wrestlers is a kids friendly pub with a moderate price range that serves Japanese food. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop located near Ranch. It is kid friendly and is near Ranch. 

 The Plough is a low priced Chinese restaurant located near Express by Holiday Inn. It is not family friendly. 

 Giraffe is a cheap coffee shop with a rating. 

 The Punter is a family friendly Indian coffee shop in the city centre. It has a high customer rating. It is located near Café Sicilia. 

 Located near the riverside is an adult oriented pub called Blue Spice. It serves Chinese food. 

 The Phoenix is a French pub located in riverside near the riverside area. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating of 5. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub called The Vaults. It is located in the riverside area near Café Sicilia. 

 There is a French pub near Café Rouge in the riverside area called The Vaults that is not family friendly. 

 The Waterman is a pub in riverside area near the riverside area. It is an Indian cuisine in riverside area. 

 The Mill is a pub serving fast food in the city centre, price range is near the city centre. 

 The Mill is a pub near the river. It is a family friendly venue in Riverside area. 

 The Waterman is a non family friendly Indian food coffee shop in the city centre. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Phoenix, a cheap fast food pub located in the riverside area. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Waterman is a pub located near the riverside. It is kid friendly. 

 The Waterman is a cheap Italian restaurant located near the river. It is family friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a moderately priced coffee shop near the river and has a low customer rating. 

 The Mill is a pub in the riverside area near The Mill. It is not kid friendly and serves English food. 

 The Wrestlers is a mid priced Italian restaurant that provides Italian food in the moderate price range. It is kids friendly. 

 Blue Spice is a family friendly pub that is located in the city centre. It is family friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a pub with a high price range of less than £ 20. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop that has a 1 out of 5 rating of 5. It has a 1 out of 5 customer rating of 5. 

 Zizzi is a family - friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating. 

 The Phoenix is a kid friendly, located in the city centre, French pub with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. 

 The Phoenix is a moderately priced pub located in the city centre near the city centre near the City Centre area, it serves French food and is not kid - friendly. 

 There is a French pub located near The Vaults. It is located near Café Rouge. It is located near Café Rouge. 

 Blue Spice serves English food in the riverside area has a price range. It is children friendly environment and is located by the riverside. 

 The Wildwood is a pub providing Indian food in the riverside. 

 There is a moderate priced coffee shop called The Wrestlers that offers moderately priced and a moderate price range. 

 The Punter is a cheap Indian coffee shop near Café Sicilia and is not family friendly. It has a cheap price range. It is near Café Sicilia. 

 The Phoenix is a pub located in the city centre. It is located in the city centre. It is located in city centre. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced pub that serves moderately priced and is located in the city centre. 

 A coffee shop near Café Sicilia is rated 1 out of 5 stars and is called The Portland Arms. It has a 5 out of 5. 

 The Punter is a pub located near Café Sicilia. It is not a pub near Café Sicilia. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese pub that serves Japanese food in the city centre and is not child friendly. It has a price range of more than £ 30. 

 Blue Spice is a family friendly restaurant that serves English food. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly restaurant located near the city centre near the city centre near the customer rating, near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. 

 There is a child friendly coffee shop called The Sorrento in the riverside area near The Sorrento. 

 The Mill is a pub in the riverside area near The Mill serves English food. It is located near the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a low customer rating, non family - friendly coffee shop in the city centre area. 

 There is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel that is near Crowne Plaza Hotel near Crowne Plaza Hotel. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced fast food pub with a 1 out of 5 by the riverside area. 

 Near All Bar One, the city centre near All Bar One is a low priced Italian coffee shop. 

 The Phoenix is a family - friendly pub located in riverside area, in Riverside area, it is a medium - friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 If you are looking for Indian food at The place called Wildwood is a cheap Indian food. 

 The Wrestlers is a children friendly coffee shop providing Italian food in the riverside area. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Portland Arms is a cheap coffee shop near The Cricketers, and is located near The Portland Arms. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Mill is a pub that serves moderately priced food in the city centre. 

 The Cricketers is a child friendly restaurant located near All Bar One and has a high customer rating. It is not kids friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a fast food restaurant in the city centre near the city centre area. 

 Located near The Mill, The Sorrento in the riverside area, The Mill is a pub. 

 The Waterman is a family friendly establishment that is a coffee shop in the city centre near the city centre. It has a price range of less than £ 20. 

 The Waterman is a kid friendly Indian food restaurant providing Indian food in the Riverside. It is located in riverside area. 

 Green Man is a Japanese restaurant located near All Bar One. It is not child friendly. 

 There is a pub located in the riverside area that provides Fast food in riverside area. It is called The Phoenix. It is located near Burger King. 

 Located near the riverside area near the river there is a fast food restaurant called The Phoenix. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop that is family friendly. It is located near the river near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. 

 Green Man is a family friendly pub located in Riverside. It serves Japanese food and has a high customer rating of more than £ 30. 

 The Punter is a pub near Café Sicilia that serves Chinese food in the riverside area. It is not family friendly. 

 Blue Spice provides Chinese food in Riverside area. It has a low customer rating. Its customer rating is not family - friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a pub located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area, it is not a pub near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Wrestlers is a child friendly Japanese food and is located in the riverside area. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced restaurant located near the riverside. 

 Near the Express by Holiday Inn is a cheap price range of less than £ 20. The Punter is not family friendly. It is located in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn. 

 The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Italian coffee shop with moderate price range. It is not kid friendly. 

 A Italian restaurant located in the city centre, The Sorrento. 

 The Punter is an Indian coffee shop that serves Indian food. It is not child friendly and is near the city centre near Café Sicilia. 

 The Vaults is a pub near the riverside. It is not family - friendly and pub in riverside area near the Café. 

 Green Man is a kid friendly restaurant that is located near All Bar One. 

 The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Japanese food in the riverside area. It is not family friendly. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop with a low customer rating. It is located near Ranch. 

 Near Café Sicilia is a family friendly coffee shop called The Cricketers. It is family friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a French coffee shop that serves French food in the riverside area and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. 

 There is a moderate price range restaurant called The Phoenix which has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 in the riverside area with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and has a 3 out of 5 rating of 5. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that offers Italian food and has a moderate price range. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Punter is a highly rated Indian restaurant that is an Indian food that offers Indian food. It is not family friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop serving Italian food with a moderate price range and is not kid friendly. 

 The Waterman is a coffee shop located in the city centre. It is not kid friendly. 

 The Vaults is a high priced coffee shop that offers expensive, near the river. 

 The Mill, a moderately priced fast food pub called The Mill. It is located in the city centre. 

 Near Café, The Punter is an Italian restaurant near the Café Sicilia. They have a high price range is not child friendly and have a 1 out of 5. 

 The Vaults is a family - friendly coffee shop with a low customer rating. It is located near Café Rouge. 

 The Vaults is a child friendly pub that is The Vaults located in the city centre. 

 The Cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves Indian food and has a moderate price range. It is located near All Bar One and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. 

 Wildwood is a coffee shop located in the city centre near the city centre, which has a high price range of 1 out of 5. 

 The Mill is a child friendly restaurant in Riverside. It is expensive, in the more than 30. 

 Zizzi is a high priced pub with high customer rating. 

 Clowns is a coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel near Crowne Plaza Hotel. 

 The Phoenix is a French food pub located in the city centre. It is children friendly and it is located in the city centre. 

 The Waterman is a high priced Indian pub with a high price range in the riverside area. It is not children friendly. 

 Green Man is a family friendly restaurant that is located on the riverside near the riverside near All Bar One. 

 The Waterman is a family friendly Indian food restaurant in the riverside area near the riverside area near the Riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a kid friendly restaurant with a 1 out of 5 rating of 5. It is near Ranch. 

 Located on the riverside, The Waterman is a high priced Indian restaurant in riverside area. 

 There is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre near the city centre, The Mill. It has a low customer rating. 

 The Phoenix is a moderately priced pub. It is located in the riverside area near the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a non family - friendly restaurant with a 1 out of 5 customer rating of 5, moderately priced, The Cricketers. 

 Giraffe is a pub that serves fast food. It is not children friendly. 

 There is a family friendly coffee shop called The Portland Arms. It has an average customer rating and is family friendly. 

 There is a coffee shop that has an average rating with average customer rating, and is not family friendly. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop that serves French food. It is not family - friendly. It is located near Café Rouge. 

 Blue Spice is a pub located in the riverside area near the riverside area. It is children friendly. 

 The Portland Arms is a Chinese coffee shop providing Chinese food in the city centre. It is not family - friendly and has an average customer rating. 

 The Wrestlers is a kid friendly Italian coffee shop with a moderate price range. It is kid friendly environment. 

 The Waterman is a pub located in the riverside area. It is located in the riverside area. It is not family friendly. It is not family friendly and has a low customer rating. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop near the moderate priced Indian food in the city centre. It is not kid friendly and a moderately priced. It is not kid friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop located near Ranch. It has a high customer rating. It has a high customer rating and is child friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a non child friendly coffee shop located near the city centre near All Bar One. This is a high - friendly restaurant near All Bar One. 

 Clowns is a coffee shop serving Indian food near Clare Hall. It has a 3 out of 5 customer rating of 5. 

 The Cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop located near All Bar One. It is a children friendly and is located near All Bar One. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia serving coffee shop near Café Sicilia that has an average customer rating. 

 Blue Spice is a pub that provides English food in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly pub in the Riverside area, which serves Japanese food at the higher price range of more than £ 30. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near Ranch. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located near Ranch. 

 The Cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop near Ranch. It has a high customer rating. 

 Blue Spice is a pub that provides Chinese food in the riverside area near the riverside area. 

 The Wrestlers is a kid friendly Japanese coffee shop that serves Japanese food. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Mill is a cheap pub that serves fast food in the riverside area. It is family friendly and is cheap and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. 

 The Cricketers is a non family friendly restaurant that provides a coffee shop near All Bar One and is not kid friendly. It has a high customer rating and is located near All Bar One. 

 There is a pub that is not children friendly. It has a price range of less than £ 20, and is not kid friendly. 

 The Mill is a family friendly place called The Sorrento in riverside area. 

 The Wrestlers coffee shop which serves Japanese food. It is located in the riverside area with a price range of less than £ 20 pounds and is not family friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop located near the city centre near All Bar One with an average customer rating. It is a low customer rating. 

 The Mill is a pub in riverside area near the riverside area. They serve English food. It has a price range is not family - friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a family - friendly restaurant near All Bar One, located near All Bar One. It has a price range and has a low customer rating. 

 The Cricketers is a restaurant with a low customer rating, with a low customer rating. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop near the Ranch. They are family friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a pub in Riverside. It is a pub serving fast food. 

 The Phoenix is a kid friendly pub that has a high price range of 3 out of 5 by the riverside. It has a customer rating of 5. 

 In Riverside is a family friendly pub called The Phoenix which has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. 

 The Phoenix is a French food restaurant in the city centre that is child friendly. It is located in the city centre and has a 5 out of 5 out of 5. 

 In the city centre area, The Waterman is a kids friendly Indian food place called The Waterman. It is kid friendly. 

 The Punter is a moderately priced coffee shop serving Indian food. They are not kid friendly and have a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not kid friendly. 

 The Mill pub, The Mill is not family - friendly. It is a family - friendly. It is located on the riverside with low customer rating. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves Italian food and has a average customer rating and has an average customer rating. 

 There is a high priced, which serves Chinese food and serves Chinese food and is located near All Bar One in the riverside area near All Bar One. 

 The Phoenix is a riverside that is a great meal, it is high - friendly place. 

 Near Ranch, near Ranch is a coffee shop with a low customer rating,, it has a low customer rating. 

 Near Ranch is a coffee shop with an average customer rating. 

 The Waterman, located in riverside. It serves Italian food, is not kid friendly and has a price range of £ 20. 

 The Vaults is a kid friendly, mid - range pub serving Italian food at the riverside area. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 The Mill is a Fast food coffee shop that serves Fast food and has a high price range of less than £ 20. It has a high customer rating and is not children friendly. 

 Near riverside, a kid - friendly pub that is called Green Man, and is located on the riverside area. 

 The pub serves Chinese food in the riverside area. It has a high customer rating. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop located near All Bar One. It is located near All Bar One. It is not child friendly. It is near All Bar One. 

 The Mill is an English restaurant near the riverside, it is not family - friendly. 

 There is a child friendly coffee shop near the city centre called The Vaults in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine called The price range. 

 Wildwood is a pub with a low customer rating. 

 Blue Spice is a pub that serves English food in the riverside area. It has a high price range. 

 Near Café Sicilia The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop that is a family friendly atmosphere. It is family friendly. It is family friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop providing Italian food. 

 The Mill is a cheap family friendly restaurant near The Sorrento. It is kid friendly, located in riverside. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced, The Sorrento, has a moderate priced pub with a moderate price range. 

 Blue Spice is a pub with a price range of £ 20 - 25. 

 There is a pub near the Green Man located near All Bar One in riverside near All Bar One. 

 The Cricketers is a high priced, a child friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near the riverside area near All Bar One. 

 The Cricketers is a family - friendly coffee shop near Café Rouge. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located near Café Rouge. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop located near the Café Sicilia. It has an average customer rating and is family friendly and it is child friendly. 

 There is a Japanese coffee shop in the city centre. It is called The Wrestlers. It is family friendly and is near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Mill is a pub that serves English food in riverside. It is family friendly. It is located near The Sorrento. 

 Blue Spice is a Chinese restaurant in the moderate price range. It is kid friendly. 

 The Vaults is a child friendly pub in the riverside area near Café Brazil. 

 Giraffe is a pub in riverside area, but is not family friendly. 

 The Mill is a pub that serves fast food in the city centre area of 5. It is not family - friendly. It is not child friendly. 

 The Mill, a pub near Café Sicilia in the city centre, family - friendly pub with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not child friendly. 

 The Vaults is a moderately priced pub that is not child friendly. They serve Italian food in the city centre. 

 The Punter is not family friendly and is a highly priced restaurant located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Punter is a family friendly pub near Café Sicilia. It is located in the riverside area. 

 Near Café Sicilia there is a cheap place called The Punter. It is family friendly restaurant called The Punter. 

 The Phoenix is a high price range, which is a high priced coffee shop that offers a high price range. 

 The Phoenix is a moderately priced coffee shop in the city centre. It is child friendly. 

 Blue Spice is a coffee shop that is near Avalon. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. 

 There is a cheap coffee shop called The Mill that serves fast food in the city centre near Café Sicilia. 

 The Wrestlers is a mid - priced Japanese restaurant that serves Japanese food and moderate price range. It is not kids friendly. 

 Giraffe is a family friendly restaurant that is children friendly and is located near the riverside. 

 Near Café, The Vaults is a high priced pub that serves Italian food and is located near the riverside area. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the high price range. It is not family friendly and has an average customer rating. 

 The Mill is a cheap Fast food pub that serves Fast food. It is not family - friendly. 

 Giraffe is a fast food restaurant located on the river near the riverside area. 

 Wildwood is a pub that serves Italian food and is not family friendly. 

 The Mill is a children friendly restaurant in riverside area that is priced and it is a high price range. 

 The Green Man is a kid friendly restaurant near the riverside near All Bar One. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese coffee shop offering Japanese food in the city centre. It has a Japanese food and it is not children friendly. 

 Blue Spice serves Chinese food in Riverside area near the riverside area is family friendly. 

 The Punter is an Indian coffee shop that is not family friendly. It has a low customer rating. It has a low customer rating and is not family friendly. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced fast food restaurant called The Sorrento in the Riverside area. It is in the city centre near The Sorrento. 

 The Wrestlers coffee shop is a child friendly atmosphere and offers Japanese food in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Cricketers is a high rated, kid friendly coffee shop that offers an average price range and has an average customer rating of 20 - 25. 

 The Phoenix is an Indian food restaurant that serves Indian food and has a high customer rating. It is not kid friendly and has a high customer rating. 

 Clowns is a restaurant in riverside area near The Sorrento. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near the riverside area near All Bar One. It's not family friendly environment. 

 A coffee shop named Clowns is rated 5 out of 5. It is located near Clare Hall. 

 The Wrestlers is a moderate price range coffee shop that is moderately priced, kid friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a French food restaurant in the city centre. It has a rating of 5 and is not kids - friendly. 

 The Mill is a moderate price range pub in Riverside that offers fast food in the moderate price range. It is kid friendly and is located in the riverside area. 

 The Wrestlers is a moderate price range, family friendly Italian coffee shop. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese pub near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre, which is not family - friendly, but is located in the city centre. 

 The Cricketers is a child friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5, located near Ranch. 

 The Wrestlers coffee shop located in riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is children friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese pub located in the Riverside area. It's children friendly with a high price range of 5 out of 5. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop in the riverside area. It is not family friendly. It is not family friendly. 

 There is a pub called The Waterman that is not children friendly. It is located in the riverside area and is not child friendly. 

 The Punter is a moderate price range, it is a mid priced Indian coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range. 

 Blue Spice is a non - friendly pub providing English food in the city centre. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly coffee shop with an Indian food in the city centre. It is children friendly environment. 

 The Cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop located near All Bar One. It is in the city centre near All Bar One. It has an average customer rating. 

 The Cricketers is a pub near Café Rouge in the riverside area near Café Rouge with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not child friendly. 

 There is a coffee shop in the riverside area that serves Fast food. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Portland Arms is a family friendly pub that serves Chinese food and is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It is family friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a French coffee shop located in Riverside, that has a 5 out of 5 customer rating of 5 out of 5. 

 Near All Bar One, Wildwood is a kids friendly French restaurant in the city. 

 The Mill is a pub located in the city centre that serves Fast food with a moderate price range. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near Café Rouge. It is near Café Rouge in the riverside area. It is located near Café Rouge. 

 There is a pub called The Waterman with a high customer rating of more than £ 30. It has a high price range. It is located in Riverside. 

 The Mill is a cheap place that serves cheap, located in the city centre. 

 The Cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop near Ranch. 

 Blue Spice is a Japanese food restaurant that serves Japanese food. It is not family friendly. 

 The Vaults is a high priced pub. It is a high priced pub located near Café Brazil in the riverside area. 

 Blue Spice is a kid friendly pub located in riverside area. It is in riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a child friendly, located in the riverside area. It is a pub that serves fast food. 

 The Punter is a moderately priced pub with moderate price range. It is kids friendly and is located in the riverside area. 

 Wildwood is a pub located near the riverside. 

 Located near the riverside there is a kid friendly coffee shop named The Waterman. 

 In the city centre there is a coffee shop called The Phoenix. It has a low customer rating of less than £ 20 pounds. It is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop that provides Indian food in the price range. It is located near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is not child friendly. 

 There is a kid friendly pub that provides Italian food in the city centre. It is located near the city centre near the price range. 

 The Phoenix is a kid friendly pub that is located near the city centre near the city centre near the city centre. 

 The Mill is a moderate priced establishment in the city centre. It is moderately priced. 

 There is a 1 out of 5 and a moderately priced place called The Green Man. 

 Giraffe is a pub that is a pub that offers fast food. 

 The Waterman is a coffee shop in the riverside area near the riverside area. It is kids friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a pub that offers Japanese food, but has a low customer rating, near Raja Indian Cuisine in the price range of less than £ 20. 

 The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving Japanese food with a moderate price range in Riverside. It is not kid friendly and is not kid friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a family friendly pub in the riverside area. They have an average customer rating and has an average customer rating. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub in the riverside area. It is located in riverside area. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese coffee shop in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Waterman is a pub located in the riverside area, and serves Indian food in riverside area. It has a price range of less than £ 20. 

 The Vaults is a pub located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is kid friendly pub near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. 

 The Phoenix is a coffee shop located in the city centre. It has a high customer rating. It is not child - friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a high priced Italian restaurant near All Bar One. It is not child friendly and has a high customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 The Punter is a pub near the riverside area near Café Sicilia. It is a low price range of less than £ 20. It is located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop serving Indian food. It is located near Ranch. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves Italian food and is kid friendly. 

 The Punter is an Italian coffee shop which is not a high price range. It is located near the city centre and is not family friendly. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub located near the city centre, near the price range of less than £ 20. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly pub located in the riverside area. It is a high priced and a coffee shop that is located near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 Zizzi is a pub serving Chinese food with a high customer rating and is high customer rating. 

 In the city centre is a moderately priced fast food restaurant called The Phoenix. 

 The Vaults, near the city centre, is an Italian pub with a high price range and a high customer rating. It is child friendly environment. 

 The Cricketers is a highly rated coffee shop serving Japanese food. It is located near All Bar One in the city centre and a high price range of more than £ 30 and is not child friendly. 

 Green Man is a kid friendly pub near the riverside. It is located near the Green Man. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is kid friendly. 

 Located in riverside area is a high price range coffee shop. It is not kid friendly and is not children friendly. 

 The Mill is a coffee shop in riverside area near The Sorrento. It is located on the riverside near The Sorrento. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that is a family friendly, near the city centre near All Bar One. 

 The Cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop near Ranch, and is located near Ranch. 

 The Mill is a cheap restaurant located in the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a 5 out of 5, near Café Rouge that has a 5 rating of 5 customer rating of 5, 5. It is not family - friendly. It is located near the riverside and has a 5 customer rating of 5 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves English food. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located near Café Rouge. It has a customer rating of 5. 

 The Vaults is a children friendly pub that is a high price range pub near the riverside that has a customer rating. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese restaurant located in the city centre, not child friendly atmosphere, but it is not children friendly. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia in the city centre. It is not kid friendly and a moderately priced, with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. 

 Blue Spice is a family friendly restaurant in riverside area. It is kid friendly and is located in riverside. 

 The Punter is a non - friendly coffee shop that is not child friendly and has a high customer rating. 

 The Cricketers is a kid friendly restaurant located near Café Sicilia. It is near Café Sicilia. 

 The Phoenix serves fast food in the riverside area is located on the riverside area, it is kid friendly. It has a 3 out of 5 and a customer rating of 5 and has a customer rating of 5. 

 Giraffe is a family friendly fast food place, near the city centre. 

 The Wrestlers is a kid friendly Japanese coffee shop serving Japanese food with moderate price range. 

 There is a cheap coffee shop in Riverside area called The Phoenix that provides Indian food in the riverside area. It is not family friendly. It is not family friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a kids friendly pub in riverside area near the riverside area. It is a customer rating and serves French food. 

 There is a child friendly Indian restaurant called Wildwood that is called Wildwood. It serves Indian food and is child friendly. 

 Near the riverside is a French restaurant called Wildwood that serves French food. 

 There is a children friendly restaurant called Wildwood, which has a low price range of more than £ 30, is located near Ranch. 

 Green Man is a pub in the city centre. It is located in the city centre. 

 Clowns is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It has a customer rating of 5. 

 The Phoenix is an adult - friendly pub that provides French food in the riverside area. It is located in the riverside. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly coffee shop serving French food in the city centre near the city centre. It is family friendly. 

 Giraffe is a family friendly, family friendly pub near the riverside area. 

 The Waterman is a high priced Italian restaurant with Italian food in the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is not family friendly, near the Ranch, and has a low customer rating. 

 Blue Spice is a family friendly restaurant located by the riverside. It has an average customer rating. 

 The Waterman is an Indian pub located in the riverside area. It serves Indian food. It is located in the riverside area. 

 There is a pub located in the riverside area near the riverside area called The Phoenix. It has a price range of less than £ 20. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Vaults is a child friendly coffee shop that offers French food in the riverside area near the riverside area near the riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a pub, but is a family friendly pub near the river near Café Adriatic. 

 The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is family friendly. It is near Café Sicilia. 

 The Cricketers is a highly rated place to All Bar One that is not family - friendly and has a high customer rating. 

 Blue Spice is a place with an average customer rating. 

 The Cricketers is a high customer rating restaurant located near All Bar One. It has a high customer rating and is not children friendly and is located near All Bar One. 

 In the city centre is a children friendly pub called The Waterman, the city centre. 

 Located near the riverside is a kid friendly pub near the riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a cheap, and fries, cheap place that offers a family friendly environment. 

 The Mill is a pub located in riverside near the riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a kid friendly pub located near the riverside near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. They are high prices and it is a kid friendly and have a moderate price range. 

 The Mill is a pub located in the city centre. The Mill is not family - friendly. It is a pub that serves English food. 

 Located in the city centre is a pub that serves Indian food. It is located in the city centre. 

 Blue Spice is a family friendly English food pub that has a high customer rating of Riverside. 

 There is a coffee shop near the riverside near the riverside area called The Vaults. It is near Café Brazil. 

 Green Man is a pub that provides Italian food in the riverside area. 

 The Mill is a pub in the riverside area near The Mill, it serves English food. 

 The Phoenix is a kid friendly and a pub with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Vaults is a cheap Japanese coffee shop located in riverside near the riverside area near Café Brazil. 

 The Phoenix is a kid friendly pub near the riverside, that is a kids - 25, and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. 

 In the city centre, The Phoenix is a cheap pub with a 5 out of 5 customer rating and a 5 customer rating of 5. 

 The Vaults is a children friendly pub near the riverside area near the riverside area near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, which has a high customer rating of more than £ 30 

 The Mill is a high priced coffee shop providing fast food in the riverside area. It is called The price range is £ 20 - 25 price range. 

 Near the city centre, there is a children friendly, The Cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop near All Bar One. It has a high customer rating and has a customer rating of £ 20 - 25. 

 The Mill is a coffee shop that is located in the city centre that has a price range less than £ 20. 

 The Punter is a cheap Italian coffee shop that serves Italian food and is not family friendly. 

 In the city centre, is a French coffee shop called The Phoenix. They have a 5 out of 5 customer rating 5. 

 Giraffe is a family friendly coffee shop that is family friendly, family friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food and has a customer rating. It is located near Café Rouge. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia which has a moderate price range, near Café Sicilia and is child friendly, moderately priced and is called The Portland Arms. 

 The Punter is a cheap pub that serves English food. It is located near Café Sicilia. It has a cheap and is located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub near the city centre near Café Rouge. It is a 5 out of 5, and is a family - friendly. 

 The Waterman is a pub located near the riverside, and serves Italian food. 

 Giraffe is a pub serving English food at Giraffe. 

 Blue Spice is a family friendly restaurant that is located in the city centre. 

 Strada is a coffee shop that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It has a customer rating of 5. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre near the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop with a 3 out of 5 out of 5 customer rating. It is located near Café Sicilia. 

 Located in riverside area, The Waterman is a pub located riverside area with a high price range of the riverside area near the river. 

 The Cricketers is a highly rated Italian restaurant with a customer rating. It is not kid friendly and is located near All Bar One. 

 There is a family - friendly Fast food pub called Giraffe. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub called The Vaults has a low customer rating and family friendly atmosphere and is a low customer rating. 

 The Cricketers is a pub that is not family friendly. It is not family friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a cheap cheap cheap, fast food restaurant in the riverside area. 

 The Wrestlers is a coffee shop with a price range of more than £ 30, it is a high customer rating, family friendly environment. It is children friendly coffee shop that is near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Mill is a moderate price range coffee shop that is a moderate priced restaurant. It is located in the city centre. It is located in the city centre. 

 There is a cheap coffee shop called Wildwood near Ranch with a price range of £ 20 - 25. 

 The Phoenix is a pub located in the riverside area. It is located in the riverside area. It has a price range is rated 3 out of 5 out of 5. 

 Cocum has a low customer rating. 

 The Mill is a pub in riverside area. It is in the riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre. It is family friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a French food restaurant located in the city centre with a low customer rating. 

 The Phoenix is a pub near the riverside area near the river. It is located in the riverside area. 

 Located near the city centre near Café Sicilia, The Punter is a moderately priced pub that provides Chinese food in the city centre area. 

 The Green Man is a child friendly pub that serves Japanese food in the city centre. It has a high price range of the city centre. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves Indian food and has a high price range. It is not children friendly. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop that is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating. 

 The Waterman is a moderately priced Indian coffee shop with a moderate price range. It is located in riverside. 

 Strada is a pub that serves French food. It has a rating of 5 customer rating of 5 and is not child friendly. 

 There is a coffee shop called The Punter located near the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn. It is children friendly and is near Express by Holiday Inn and has a high customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 The Punter is a moderately priced Indian coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is not kid friendly. 

 The Vaults is a high priced coffee shop that is child friendly. It is located in the city centre near Café Sicilia. 

 The Phoenix is a moderately priced fast food restaurant located in the city centre. 

 The Vaults is a pub located near the riverside near Café Brazil, and a pub that is not family - friendly. 

 The Waterman is a family - friendly place that serves Italian food for less than £ 20. 

 The Phoenix is a cheap Indian coffee shop with an average customer rating. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near All Bar One and near All Bar One. 

 Wildwood is a restaurant with a family friendly atmosphere. 

 The Cricketers is a low rated coffee shop serving Japanese food. It is not family friendly. 

 Zizzi is a restaurant that has a high customer rating and has a high customer rating. 

 Blue Spice is a pub in the riverside area of the riverside area. It has a high price range. 

 Green Man serves Italian food and is located near All Bar One. It is children friendly. 

 The Punter is a moderately priced, located near Café Sicilia. It is not kid friendly and is near Café Sicilia. It is moderately priced and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It serves Italian food. It is family - friendly and is located near the center. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop near All Bar One in the moderate price range. It is a kids friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and it is kid friendly and is near All Bar One. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop located near the city centre near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, near the Express by Holiday Inn. It is not child friendly. 

 The Mill is a pub that serves fast food in the city centre near Café Rouge. 

 The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop located near All Bar One, near All Bar One. It's not family - friendly and is located near All Bar One. 

 Cocum is a pub that is rated one star. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop that is a low - friendly coffee shop that has a price range of less than £ 20. 

 Loch Fyne serves Japanese food in riverside area, it's a high price range. 

 The Punter is a family friendly Italian coffee shop located near the Café Sicilia. It is located near Café Sicilia. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. 

 The Cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located near All Bar One. It has an average customer rating is children friendly and is near All Bar One and is near All Bar One. 

 The Mill is a fast food restaurant that serves fast food. It is not kid friendly in the city centre. 

 The Wrestlers is a pub that is located in the city centre. It is a pub with a price range of more than £ 30. 

 The Vaults is a pub located near the river that serves Japanese food and a family friendly. 

 Near the city centre, The Plough is a kid friendly pub named The Plough is located in the city centre. 

 Giraffe is a fast food pub that is family friendly. It is located near to the river. 

 The Vaults is a family - friendly pub near the city centre, serving French food in the city centre. It is called The price range. 

 The Mill is a coffee shop located in the riverside area. It is not family friendly, but is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating. 

 Located near Café Rouge, The Punter is a cheap pub in the riverside area. 

 The Phoenix, is a highly rated Indian coffee shop located in the riverside area. It is located in the riverside area, and is kid friendly. 

 The pub near the riverside is a high price range of £ 20 - friendly pub that serves French food. 

 Giraffe is a pub near the Giraffe. It's not family friendly and is located near to The Six Bells. 

 The Vaults is a high price range coffee shop. It is a children friendly establishment near to The Vaults located near Café Brazil. 

 Blue Spice is a family friendly restaurant located in the riverside area near the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop near All Bar One in the city centre near All Bar One. It is not child friendly and the high price range. 

 In riverside there is a pub called Blue Spice. It has a high customer rating of the high price range of more than £ 30. 

 The Punter is a kid friendly Indian food coffee shop located in the high price range. It is near the riverside. It is 3 out of 5. 

 The Mill, The Mill is a moderately priced fast food pub, average priced pub in the high price range. 

 The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop located near the Café Sicilia. It is family - friendly. It has an average customer rating. 

 The Phoenix is a moderate price range, located in riverside area. It is located in riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub in the riverside area. It is located near the riverside area near the riverside area. It is family friendly and is called The Vaults. 

 Giraffe is a family - friendly fast food restaurant in the riverside area near the riverside area. 

 The Punter is a highly rated restaurant in the high priced restaurant. 

 In the riverside area near the riverside area, there is a pub called The Phoenix. 

 There is a pub that serves Indian food in the riverside area that serves Indian food. It is located near the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub located near the city centre near the city centre near Café Adriatic in the city centre with a price range of £ 20 - 25. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that is family friendly. It is near Café Rouge. It is located near Café Rouge. 

 The Phoenix is a riverside pub in Riverside area. It is located in the riverside area and has a price range of riverside area. 

 The Wrestlers is a cheap sushi place that provides Japanese food. It is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the riverside area near the high price range. It is not kid friendly and is not child friendly. 

 Giraffe is a pub located near the riverside area and a pub that serves French food. 

 The Wrestlers is a coffee shop with a price range of less than £ 20 and the city centre. It is not family friendly. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a pub in the city centre near the city centre area. It has a low customer rating. It is not family - friendly and is not family - friendly. 

 Located in Riverside area, a family friendly pub called Blue Spice. It is located in riverside area. 

 In riverside area, The Phoenix is a pub on the riverside area. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop located near the Ranch. It is not family friendly. 

 Giraffe is a pub that serves fast food and is child friendly. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced fast food pub located in the city centre. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. 

 Near the city centre, there is a pub called Blue Spice which serves Chinese food. It has a low customer rating. 

 The Waterman is a kid friendly Indian restaurant in the city centre. It is family friendly and is located in the city centre. 

 Near the Café Sicilia is a pub called The Punter. It is located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese coffee shop providing Japanese food. It is not family friendly. 

 In the Green Man is a coffee shop that offers food. 

 The Plough is a kid friendly restaurant with a high price range and is kid friendly. 

 Giraffe is a coffee shop serving Fast food near the riverside area near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is not kid friendly. 

 The Plough is a pub that serves Chinese food in the riverside area. It is located near the riverside area and is children friendly. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop that has a high price range of more than £ 30 pounds. It is located near the city centre. 

 Blue Spice is a kid friendly pub that has an average customer rating. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Indian food near the Ranch. It has a high customer rating and is located near Ranch. 

 The Mill, The Mill is a pub providing fast food in the riverside area and is located in the riverside area. 

 The Mill is a pub that is located near the riverside with a low price range. 

 Near Ranch is a kid friendly restaurant named The Cricketers. 

 The Vaults is a high priced Italian pub with an average customer rating and the high price range, called The Vaults is not child friendly. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop serving Indian food in the city centre near the price range. It is near Café Sicilia. 

 The Waterman is a pub that is located in the riverside area that is not kid friendly. It is not kid friendly. 

 Located in Riverside is a non kid friendly pub called The Wrestlers that serves Italian food. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 Green Man is a family friendly Italian restaurant in the riverside area. It is located on the riverside area near the riverside area. 

 There is a cheap pub called The Vaults located near the riverside near the Café Brazil. The Vaults has a low customer rating. 

 The Phoenix serves French food with a low customer rating, it is located in the riverside. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a child friendly French coffee shop in the riverside area. It has a high price range and located in riverside area. 

 Giraffe is a child friendly coffee shop in the riverside area with a low price range of more than £ 30. 

 The Mill is a coffee shop located in the riverside area. It is a mid priced and is located by the riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a kid friendly French food at a medium price range of 20 - 25 price range in the riverside. 

 The pub that provides Indian food in the riverside area. It is a low price range is located in the riverside. 

 The Vaults is a family - friendly pub in Riverside. It is a pub in the riverside area. 

 Giraffe is a pub serving Fast food in the city centre near the city centre area. It has a rating of average customer rating. 

 The Phoenix is a child friendly Indian restaurant located on the riverside area near the river. It has a customer rating. 

 Blue Spice is a kid friendly restaurant located in the riverside area. 

 Blue Spice is a coffee shop that is near Avalon. It is located near Avalon. 

 Giraffe is a French restaurant. They are not family friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop near All Bar One located near All Bar One. It is located in the riverside area. It is not child friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves Indian food and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced coffee shop located in the city centre. It is not family friendly. 

 The Mill is a coffee shop with a moderate price range and a moderate price range that serves fast food. It is not kid friendly. 

 The Punter is a cheap Italian food restaurant located near the city centre near the city centre. The Punter is averagely family - friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a riverside pub which serves Fast food in riverside area and is kid friendly. 

 The coffee shop is a coffee shop with a moderate price range and it is located near the city centre near the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 Near the riverside area near Café Rouge, there is The Portland Arms, The Cricketers, has a customer rating of the Express by Holiday Inn, near the Ranch. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop with a low customer rating. It is family friendly. 

 The Plough is a pub in the city centre near Café Rouge, near Café Rouge, The Plough. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is kid friendly. 

 Blue Spice is a moderately priced Italian restaurant in the city centre. 

 The pub Wildwood pub located near Ranch. It is located in the area. 

 The Phoenix is a highly priced coffee shop that offers fast food in Riverside area. It has a high customer rating. 

 The Wrestlers is an average coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop near Ranch. They serve a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It has a customer rating of 5. 

 The Punter is an Italian coffee shop that serves Italian food. It is family friendly. It is near the price range is near Café. 

 The Mill is a pub located in the riverside area near the riverside area. 

 A child friendly coffee shop with a high customer rating and has a high customer rating. It is located near Café Sicilia 

 The Mill is a family friendly coffee shop that is located next to The Sorrento in riverside area. 

 The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Italian coffee shop that offers Italian food. 

 The Phoenix is a highly rated pub in the riverside area. It serves French food and is not a high customer rating. 

 Near Ranch there is a pub called Wildwood, called Wildwood which offers French food and spirits. 

 The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Japanese restaurant. It is kid friendly and is near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 There is a kid friendly Italian restaurant in Riverside called The Waterman that serves Italian food and price range. 

 The Mill is a pub that is a fast food pub that serves fast food. It is not family - friendly and has an average customer rating. 

 The Green Man is a Italian restaurant located near the riverside area near All Bar One. 

 The Phoenix is a coffee shop in the riverside area near the riverside area. It has a 5 out of 5 rating of 5. 

 The Phoenix, located in Riverside near the riverside area. It is not a moderately priced and has a moderate price range. 

 The Punter is an Italian restaurant that is an average priced coffee shop near the Express by Holiday Inn. 

 The Vaults is a family - friendly pub near the riverside area near Café Sicilia. The Vaults is not family friendly and a pub, and is less than £ 20. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop in the city centre near Café Rouge. It is child friendly and it's located near Café Rouge. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop which has a high price range and has a high customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 Green Man is a family friendly pub that offers Japanese food and is located in the riverside area. 

 The Mill is a pub serving Fast food, located in the city centre area with a moderate price range. It's not kids friendly and has a moderate price range. 

 There is a high - friendly restaurant near Café Rouge called The Cricketers which is not child friendly. It is near Café Rouge. 

 The Waterman is a kid friendly Italian restaurant located in the riverside area. It is kid friendly Italian food. 

 The Wrestlers is a family - friendly coffee shop that serves Japanese food and is family friendly and has a moderate price range. 

 The Wrestlers is a pub near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not family friendly. 

 The Waterman is a moderately priced Indian restaurant in the city centre. It has a moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Plough is a cheap Chinese restaurant near Café Rouge. It is located near Café Rouge in the riverside area. 

 There is a family friendly coffee shop called Wildwood. It is located in the riverside area near the river. 

 The Phoenix is a family - friendly pub located in the city centre. It has a customer rating. It has a customer rating of less than 20, it has a low customer rating of less than £ 20. 

 The Waterman, located in the city centre. It is an Italian coffee shop with Italian food and has a price range of less than £ 20. 

 For a Japanese coffee shop called Wildwood. It is not kid friendly. 

 The Punter is a mid priced coffee shop in riverside. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop near the coffee shop that serves Indian food in the high price range. It has an average customer rating of the high customer rating. 

 The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Indian food. It has a price range of less than £ 20. It is family friendly. Its customer rating is low. 

 There is a pub near Café Rouge in Riverside near Café Rouge that serves French food in the riverside area called The Vaults. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and serves Indian food in the high price range. 

 Blue Spice is a children friendly restaurant, kid friendly environment, located in the riverside area, near Avalon. 

 The Punter is a child friendly coffee shop that serves Italian food. It is located near Express by Holiday Inn. It is near the river and has an average customer rating and is not kid friendly. 

 Blue Spice is a great English food restaurant located near the riverside. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a mid - priced French coffee shop that has a rating of 5. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a pub in the riverside area with a price range of less than £ 20 

 The Punter is a cheap pub that serves English food and is family friendly. It is cheap. 

 The Cricketers is a family - friendly coffee shop located near Café Rouge. It is near Café Rouge. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is family - friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a coffee shop in riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. It is located on the riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a 5 - friendly pub with a low customer rating. It is located in the riverside area near Café Rouge. 

 The Vaults is a moderate priced, a coffee shop offering French food in riverside near Café Brazil, near Café Brazil. 

 The Mill is a family - friendly coffee shop that offers cheap prices are less than £ 20. 

 The Vaults is a kid friendly Japanese pub serving Japanese food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. 

 The Phoenix is a French coffee shop in the city centre near the city centre near the city centre near the city centre, it serves French food and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. 

 Giraffe is a family friendly pub that offers Fast food and is children friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a family - friendly coffee shop in Riverside. It is a 5 star rated French food. 

 The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that is child friendly and it is located in the city centre. It is high price range and is located in the center. 

 The Phoenix is a cheap French pub in Riverside. It is not family friendly. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop near Café Rouge. It is in the riverside area. It is located near Café Rouge and is located near Café Rouge. 

 The Vaults is a high price range pub that serves Japanese food and is kid friendly. It is located in the city centre. 

 Blue Spice is a pub with an average customer rating. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly coffee shop serving French food at less than £ 20. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Wrestlers is a kids friendly sushi restaurant that is located in Riverside. It is kid friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop near the Ranch. 

 The Punter is a moderately priced Indian restaurant that is kids friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a low priced Italian coffee shop near All Bar One. It is located near All Bar One. 

 Near the riverside there is a child friendly pub called Wildwood. 

 The Mill is a moderate priced restaurant providing Indian food in the city centre. 

 The Vaults is a family - friendly pub that serves French food in the city centre near The Vaults. It is located in the city centre. 

 In the city centre near the Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Indian food. It is near Ranch. 

 The Waterman is a moderately priced Indian restaurant located in the riverside area near the riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a highly rated Indian food place called The Phoenix is located in the city centre near the city centre near the city center. 

 Blue Spice has a price range of the riverside and is located near Avalon. 

 Green Man is a pub with a high price range of more than £ 30 and located in the city centre near the city centre near All Bar One. 

 The Mill is a fast food coffee shop in riverside area. It has an average customer rating. It is not family - friendly and has a high price range. 

 The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food in the city centre and a Japanese food. It is family friendly. It is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 Green Man is a family friendly Italian restaurant located near the riverside area near All Bar One. It has a high price range of riverside. 

 Wildwood is a pub that serves Indian food in the city centre. It is called Wildwood. 

 The Punter is a non family friendly coffee shop providing Indian food. It is not children friendly and the high price range of more than £ 30. It is located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Phoenix is a 5 star place located near the riverside, and has an average customer rating. 

 The Punter is a high price range coffee shop in the riverside area near Café Sicilia. It is not family friendly. 

 The Waterman is a non family - friendly restaurant in the city centre near the city centre. 

 Giraffe is a Fast food restaurant called Giraffe, fast food restaurant. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that offers French food. It has a high customer rating. 

 There is a family friendly coffee shop called The Sorrento in the city centre. 

 The Wrestlers is a kid friendly Italian restaurant that provides Italian food. It is located in the city centre. 

 Giraffe is a pub that is a pub serving French food. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. 

 The Punter is a moderately priced restaurant located near Café Sicilia. It is child friendly. 

 Giraffe is a pub located in riverside area. It is not child friendly. 

 Giraffe is a pub in the city centre. It is not kid friendly and is not family - friendly. 

 The Waterman is a low price range less than £ 20 pounds, located in the riverside area, which is not family - friendly. 

 The Punter is a moderately priced Indian restaurant located near Café Rouge. It is kids friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. 

 Green Man is a family friendly place that serves Japanese food and has a moderate price range. 

 Blue Spice is a family friendly venue. It is a family friendly restaurant located in the riverside area. 

 Blue Spice serves English food. It is located on the riverside and has an average rating. 

 The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop that serves Japanese food in the Riverside area. It is family friendly and is family friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves good food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 1 out of 5. 

 Blue Spice is a Chinese restaurant in the Riverside area. 

 Green Man is a kid friendly pub located in the riverside area. It is kid friendly environment. 

 Near Ranch is a family friendly restaurant that serves Japanese food. It is children friendly. 

 The Waterman is a pub serving Italian food. It has an average customer rating. It is located in the city centre. It has an average customer rating. 

 Located in the city centre, The Phoenix is a coffee shop that offers moderately priced and serves fast food. 

 The Vaults is a French food pub in the city centre. It is not children friendly. It has a high customer rating and is not child - friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a restaurant that has an average customer rating. It is near the Ranch. 

 The Vaults is a pub near the mid - priced Italian food at the riverside. It has a 1 out of 5 rating of 5. 

 The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre. It is kid friendly. 

 Giraffe is a child friendly pub that serves fast food and a high customer rating. 

 The Waterman is a pub serving Indian food in riverside area. It is located in the riverside area. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. 

 The Phoenix is a French pub in the riverside area. It is located in the riverside area and is not kid friendly. 

 The Vaults is a French restaurant in the Riverside area near the riverside area near Café Sicilia. The Vaults. 

 Blue Spice is not family friendly. It is located in the riverside area. It is not family - friendly. 

 There is a family friendly Italian restaurant called Green Man in the riverside area near the riverside area near All Bar One. 

 The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Italian coffee shop that serves Italian food. It has a moderate price range. 

 The Mill is a fast food pub located near the riverside area. It is child friendly and serves fast food. 

 Green Man is a family friendly restaurant located near the riverside area near All Bar One. 

 Strada is a pub with a 1 out of 5 customer rating of 5 and has a customer rating of 5. 

 The Giraffe is a pub serving French food in the city centre. 

 Giraffe is a family friendly pub that is family friendly and is kid friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a French restaurant in the city centre, it has a high price range and has a high customer rating of 3 out of 5. 

 The Wrestlers is a family - friendly pub located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a high - priced fast food restaurant located in the riverside area. It has a high customer rating. 

 Near Ranch, The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located near Ranch. 

 Blue Spice is a restaurant that serves Chinese food and is not family friendly. 

 There is a pub called The Punter that serves Chinese food for £ 30 with a low customer rating, it is called The Punter. It is located near Café Rouge. 

 The Wrestlers is a pub that provides Italian food in the less than £ 20. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Italian coffee shop that serves Italian food and is located in the city centre. 

 There is a Japanese pub named The Wrestlers that has Japanese food and is not child friendly. It has a price range of more than £ 30. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese coffee shop which is not child friendly and a moderate price range. 

 Near the riverside is a pub called Green Man. It serves Japanese food. It is child friendly. 

 The Vaults is a moderately priced pub located near the city centre. It is a pub in the city centre near Café Rouge. 

 The Cricketers is a cheap Japanese coffee shop near All Bar One with a family friendly environment, near All Bar One with a price range of less than £ 20. 

 The Punter is a pub near the Café Sicilia. It serves Chinese food in the riverside area near Café Sicilia and is called The Punter. 

 The Waterman is a high priced Indian food coffee shop located in the riverside area. It is not kid friendly and the riverside area. 

 Giraffe is a pub near the riverside. It has a high customer rating of 1 out of 5 and serves English food. 

 The Wrestlers is a low priced Italian pub serving Italian food. It is not family friendly. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Cricketers is a cheap coffee shop providing English food in riverside area near Café Rouge. They serve English food. 

 The Punter is a kid friendly Indian restaurant near Café Rouge. It is located near Café Rouge. It is near Café Rouge. 

 A Indian food restaurant called Wildwood is located in the city centre. It has a moderate price range. 

 The Vaults is a pub near the river that is not family friendly, but not family - friendly. 

 Giraffe is a family friendly pub that serves fast food in the riverside area. It is located near the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a child friendly restaurant near Ranch. It is near Ranch and is near Ranch. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It has a 5 out of 5. 

 Located in the city centre, The Phoenix offers fast food restaurant in the city centre area. It is not a cheap price range. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly coffee shop that serves French food in the city centre near The Vaults. 

 The Punter is a non family friendly coffee shop with a price range of less than £ 20, not family friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly Japanese restaurant that serves Japanese food. 

 The Phoenix is a mid - priced fast food restaurant located in the riverside area. 

 The Mill is a pub that is a pub near the riverside and has a low customer rating. 

 The Plough is a high priced pub that serves Chinese food. It is located near to the riverside. 

 Zizzi is a family - friendly pub in the riverside area. 

 The Punter is a moderately priced coffee shop near Café Sicilia, with a moderate price range. It is not kid friendly. 

 Near the riverside area, there is a pub called The Vaults, family friendly pub, it's family friendly. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area. They are located near the riverside area near the riverside area. It's family - friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that offers average rating. It has an average customer rating. 

 The Plough is an Indian restaurant with a high price range and is located near Express by Holiday Inn. It is not child friendly. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced venue that is not family friendly. It is not kid friendly. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Mill, a moderately priced coffee shop offering fast food in the city centre area near Café Sicilia. It is kid friendly. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Japanese pub that is family friendly. They have a moderate price range. 

 There is a Fast food place called The Phoenix which serves fast food. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop located near the Ranch with a high customer rating and is located near Ranch. 

 The Phoenix is a mid priced coffee shop with a 3 out of 5 customer rating, located in Riverside area. It is moderately priced, and is located in the city centre. 

 The Waterman is a coffee shop located in the city centre. It has a price range of less than £ 20. It is not family friendly. 

 The Vaults is a moderately priced coffee shop in the riverside area near Café Sicilia. It has a moderate price range is located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Cricketers is a children friendly restaurant, near Ranch. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. 

 Near Café Sicilia there is a coffee shop called The Cricketers. It is kid friendly and has a low customer rating and has a customer rating. 

 For an Indian restaurant called Wildwood that serves Indian food and is located in the riverside. 

 The Punter is a moderately priced coffee shop that is not kids friendly. It is located near the Café Rouge and has an average rating. 

 The Cricketers is not family friendly, it is not family friendly, and has a low customer rating. 

 The Vaults is a kid friendly pub in riverside. It has a high price range. 

 The Vaults is a moderately priced restaurant serving Italian food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is not kid friendly and is not kids friendly. 

 Wildwood is a cheap price, located by the riverside and offers average customer rating. 

 The Plough is a pub providing Chinese food at The Plough. It is child friendly and has a high price range. 

 The Cricketers coffee shop has a high customer rating, it is located near the Ranch. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 1 out of 5. 

 The Cricketers is a high priced family friendly, family friendly, which is kid friendly establishment near All Bar One. 

 The Wrestlers is a pub that is not kid friendly. They serve Japanese food and are not family - friendly. It is not family friendly. 

 Near All Bar One is a kid friendly coffee shop named The Cricketers, near All Bar One. It is located near All Bar One. 

 The Portland Arms, is a high priced coffee shop providing Chinese food. It is not kid friendly and is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Indian food. It is not family friendly and serves Indian food in the riverside. It is not kid friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a family friendly French pub in the city centre, located in the city centre. 

 Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Italian food and is located in the city centre. 

 The Mill is a pub that serves fast food. It is located in the city centre. It is not kid friendly and has a moderate price range. 

 Near Ranch is a family friendly coffee shop named The Cricketers that is family friendly, and has a low customer rating. 

 The Phoenix is a cheap Fast food restaurant with a low customer rating. It is located in the city centre. It is not kid friendly. 

 There is a coffee shop called The Cricketers that serves high customer rating is kid friendly. It has a high customer rating. 

 Wildwood is a pub serving French food. It is located near Ranch. 

 The Vaults is a pub near the city centre with a high customer rating and has a high customer rating. It is not children friendly and a high customer rating. 

 The Cricketers is an average rated, family friendly coffee shop. It has a low customer rating. 

 The Vaults is a pub with a high customer rating located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is not child friendly and it has a high customer rating. 

 The Vaults is a Japanese food pub near Café Sicilia. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Mill is a cheap family friendly coffee shop that is located in the riverside area. It is family friendly and is family friendly. 

 Blue Spice is a kid friendly restaurant that has a price range of the riverside. 

 The Vaults is a Japanese pub in the city centre near the city centre. It has a high price range and is not kid friendly. 

 Located near Raja Indian Cuisine, The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop providing Japanese food in riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop that offers Japanese food near Ranch. It is children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 The Mill is a high priced pub serving English food located in riverside area. It is located by the riverside area. 

 The Mill is a pub in the riverside area. They are not family - friendly. It is located in the riverside area, but is not family - friendly. 

 Near the riverside is a family friendly pub that serves Japanese food with a moderate price range. 

 The Mill is a family friendly pub located near the riverside area. It is in the riverside area. 

 Giraffe is a pub located near the riverside. They are kid friendly and is a kid friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that provides Japanese food. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. 

 The Mill is a family friendly restaurant providing English food in the riverside area. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced fast food coffee shop that serves fast food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 The Phoenix is a 3 out of 5 by customers, a moderately priced Fast food restaurant which has a customer rating of 5. 

 The Phoenix is a child friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area. It has a high price range. It is located near the riverside area. 

 The Portland Arms, near The Cricketers is a non family friendly Japanese coffee shop located near The Portland Arms in the city centre area near The Portland Arms. It is not family - friendly, but is not family friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a coffee shop which serves Japanese food. It is located in the riverside area. 

 There is an average rated coffee shop called The Punter near the city centre near the price range and it is not family - friendly 

 The Vaults is a family friendly Japanese food restaurant in the riverside area. It is called The Vaults. It has a cheap price range. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly restaurant located near Ranch. It has a rating of 5 out of 5. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly pub that serves Japanese food. It is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves English food. 

 The Cricketers is a Chinese restaurant that is near All Bar One. It is not child friendly. It is located in the riverside area near All Bar One. 

 The Phoenix is a cheap fast food restaurant that is located in the riverside area. 

 The Punter is a cheap Indian food in the riverside area near Café Sicilia. It is not family friendly and is located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop that is 3 out of 5 customer rating of 5. It has a customer rating of 5. 

 The Mill is a family friendly pub with a cheap price range of 5 out of 5 customer rating of 5. It is located near Café Rouge. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly pub near Café Sicilia. It is near Café Sicilia. 

 The Wrestlers is a child friendly pub, near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a pub that serves Japanese food and has a customer rating of £ 20 - 25. 

 The Phoenix is a coffee shop located in the city centre that serves fast food. It is not a low customer rating. It is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating. 

 The Wrestlers coffee shop is a high priced Japanese food, family friendly Japanese food. 

 The Waterman is a pub in riverside area. It is located in riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop near All Bar One in the moderate price range and is not kid friendly and the city centre area. 

 The Phoenix is a pub, high - friendly pub with a high customer rating with a high customer rating. It is located in the riverside. 

 Located in the city centre is a pub called The Waterman. It is not family - friendly. It serves Indian food and is located in the city centre. 

 The Waterman is a cheap Italian restaurant in the riverside area. 

 Clowns is a pub located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is a pub and is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. 

 Zizzi is a coffee shop that provides French food. It has a customer rating. 

 The Phoenix is a 5 out of 5 customer rating, a 5 French food pub located near the river. They are located in the riverside area, and are not family - friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a coffee shop that has low customer rating and is located in the riverside area near the riverside area. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a high rated, family friendly, with a 1 out of 5 customer rating and is child friendly restaurant with a high customer rating. 

 The Vaults is a low - friendly pub in the city centre near the customer rating and low prices less than £ 20. 

 Green Man is a child friendly pub in the riverside area. It is near the riverside area near the riverside area. 

 Cocum is a pub that serves French food and has a customer rating. 

 The Punter is a high price range, near the Café Sicilia. It is a high priced and is child friendly establishment with a high price range. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop near the riverside near the riverside area. It is not family - friendly. 

 Giraffe is a pub serving fast food at the riverside. It has a low customer rating. 

 The Vaults is a child friendly pub in the city centre. It is near the city centre with a price range. It is located near Café Rouge. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly coffee shop located near the river. It has a price range of less than £ 20. 

 Giraffe is a pub that is located in the city centre. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop located near Café Rouge with an average customer rating, near Café Rouge. It is near Café Rouge. 

 Zizzi has a customer rating of 3 out of 3 out of 5. 

 The Cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop. It is located near the Ranch. 

 The Mill is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food and is located in the riverside. 

 The Phoenix, a French food pub in the riverside area. It is located in the riverside area. Its customer rating is high. It is not kid friendly and a high customer rating is high. 

 Cocum is a coffee shop that has a high customer rating and has a high customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly pub near Crowne Plaza Hotel, it is family friendly. 

 Giraffe is a pub in the riverside area. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a French restaurant in the city centre near the city centre near the £ 20 - 25 price range of 20 - 25. 

 The Mill is a pub near the riverside which serves English food. It is located near the riverside. 

 The Mill, is a moderately priced English restaurant that is kid friendly, with a moderate prices. 

 Green Man is a family friendly Italian pub in Riverside. It is family friendly. 

 Near All Bar One, The Cricketers is a high priced coffee shop, which serves English food. It is located near All Bar One. 

 The Punter is a highly priced, coffee shop in the price range of £ 20 - 25. It is not kid friendly and is near Café Sicilia. 

 Giraffe is a pub that offers fast food in the riverside area and has a high customer rating of more than £ 30 

 The Cricketers is a highly rated, family friendly coffee shop that is located near All Bar One. 

 The Punter is a cheap restaurant located near Café Sicilia. It is family friendly restaurant in the riverside area. 

 The Waterman is a moderately priced Indian restaurant in the city centre, is kid friendly and serves Indian food. 

 Blue Spice is a kid friendly pub serving Chinese food in the riverside area. 

 Cocum is a low rated pub that is a pub. 

 Giraffe is a family - friendly pub that is kids friendly,. It is located near the riverside area. 

 Blue Spice is a kid friendly restaurant located in Riverside area with a low customer rating. 

 The Cricketers is a cheap, cheap Chinese coffee shop located near All Bar One and is not family friendly. 

 Wildwood is a restaurant serving Italian food in the city centre. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Mill is a pub in the riverside area. It is family - friendly pub near the riverside area near the riverside area. 

 Located in riverside area near Ranch there is a kids friendly coffee shop called Wildwood. 

 The Vaults is a pub located in the city centre near the city centre. It is not kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. 

 The Punter is a pub providing Indian food in the city centre. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop located near All Bar One with a high customer rating. It is near All Bar One. It is near All Bar One. 

 Blue Spice is a family friendly restaurant that provides Chinese food in the riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a kid friendly restaurant located in the city centre. It is located in the city centre. 

 Near All Bar One in the city centre is an average rated Japanese restaurant called The Cricketers. It is not family - friendly and has an average customer rating. 

 The Phoenix is a French pub in the city centre near the city centre. It has a price range of less than £ 20. 

 The Punter is a moderately priced Chinese restaurant near The Punter. It is not kids friendly. 

 Green Man is a kid friendly pub serving Japanese food in riverside. It is located near All Bar One. 

 Near the riverside there is a kid friendly Indian restaurant called Wildwood. 

 The Waterman is a moderately priced Indian pub in the riverside. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Punter is a moderate price range. It is located in the riverside area. It is child friendly. It is near Café Sicilia. 

 The Mill is a pub near riverside. It is located near the river near the riverside area near the riverside area. 

 Clowns is a pub with a customer rating. 

 The Cricketers is a highly rated and is children friendly coffee shop that has an average customer rating. 

 The Punter is a highly priced coffee shop that is located near Café Sicilia. It is child friendly and has a high customer rating. 

 The Wrestlers, located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine, kid friendly and coffee shop is The Wrestlers. 

 The Cricketers is a highly rated and family friendly restaurant with a customer rating. 

 There is a pub called The Phoenix near the river in Riverside area with a price range of £ 20 - 25. 

 The Mill, is a cheap fast food pub located in the city centre area, is not family - friendly and is located in the city centre. 

 A pub located near The Giraffe is a pub near the riverside. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near Ranch. It is near Ranch. 

 The Wrestlers is a cheap Japanese pub that is child friendly environment. It serves Japanese food in the riverside area. 

 Green Man is a child friendly restaurant in the riverside area. 

 The Mill is an averagely rated fast food restaurant with an average price range. It is located in the city centre. 

 Strada is a pub located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has a customer rating of 5 and has a 1 out of 5. 

 The Mill is a pub that serves fast food. It is located near Café Sicilia that serves fast food for a low price range is located in riverside. 

 The Vaults is a pub with a price range less than £ 20 price range less than £ 20. It is located near Café Adriatic. 

 The Wildwood is a children friendly coffee shop that has a price range of more than £ 30. 

 The Phoenix is a cheap fast food place. 

 There is a child friendly restaurant called The Punter. It is near Café Sicilia. It is located near Café Sicilia and is located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Vaults is a pub near the moderate price range and moderately priced, The Vaults. It is not child friendly. 

 There is a moderately priced pub near Café Sicilia called The Punter located near Café Sicilia with a moderate price range. 

 The Mill pub serving Fast food in the city centre near Café Sicilia, is not family - friendly and a fast food. 

 The Phoenix is a French food at riverside near the river. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating of 5. 

 The Plough is a pub providing Chinese food in riverside area near The Plough. 

 The Plough is a pub providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is not child friendly. 

 There is a coffee shop called The Cricketers near Café Sicilia that serves Indian food and it has a rating of average customer rating and is average customer rating. 

 The Cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop that is located near Café Rouge near Café Rouge. It is near Café Rouge. It has a high customer rating of 5. 

 Green Man is a child friendly restaurant near the riverside area near All Bar One. 

 The Green Man is a pub serving Japanese food. It is in the riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a 5 out of 5, in the city centre. It is a cheap coffee shop that serves Indian food and it is cheap Indian food. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop in the high priced coffee shop that offers Indian food with high price range. 

 Near Café Sicilia is a family - friendly restaurant called The Cricketers. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese coffee shop that serves Japanese food. It has a moderate price range. It is kids friendly. 

 There is a coffee shop called The Cricketers located near Café Sicilia. It has an average customer rating, and has an average customer rating. 

 The Vaults is a French restaurant located in the city centre near the city centre near Café Sicilia. 

 Giraffe is a family friendly coffee shop located near the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a family - friendly coffee shop with average customer rating in the city centre near All Bar One. It is located in the city centre near All Bar One. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near All Bar One. This restaurant with a high customer rating and is more than 30. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop that is not family friendly. It has a low customer rating and it is not family friendly. 

 The Waterman is a non family - friendly coffee shop in the riverside area. It is not family friendly. 

 There is a pub near The Vaults that is not kid friendly. It is in the riverside area near the riverside area. 

 Located near Café Sicilia in the city centre area near Café Sicilia. This pub has a moderate price range. It is not kids friendly and is The Portland Arms. 

 Giraffe is a kid friendly coffee shop that is located near the city centre near the city centre. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese restaurant that serves Japanese food. It is kid friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a cheap, non family friendly restaurant in the cheap price range of less than £ 20. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 Giraffe is a coffee shop that is not family friendly. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Cricketers is a kid friendly pub located near Ranch. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 The Waterman is a coffee shop in the riverside area. It is not kid friendly and has a moderate price range. 

 Green Man is a pub that is kids friendly, located near the riverside area. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Japanese food and is located near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 In the riverside area, The Phoenix is a French pub that serves French food with a price range of £ 20 - 25. It has a high customer rating and is not family friendly. 

 The Punter is a moderately priced coffee shop that offers Indian food. It is near Café Sicilia. It is located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Phoenix is a high priced place that is in riverside. It has a high price range. 

 There is a Japanese coffee shop located in the riverside area called The Vaults near Café Adriatic. They serve Japanese food. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese pub, located near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not family - friendly and has a 5 out of 5 out of 5 and a 5 customer rating. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located near All Bar One. 

 The Waterman is a pub in the riverside area and coffee shop that serves Indian food. It is located in riverside area. 

 The Mill is an expensive pub that serves fast food in the city centre. It is not child friendly. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly coffee shop that is located near the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Punter is an average coffee shop with an average customer rating and cheap price range. It is near the riverside near the Burger King. 

 The Waterman, is a non - friendly Indian coffee shop with a price range of less than £ 20. 

 The Cricketers is a kids friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is near All Bar One. 

 Zizzi is a coffee shop that has a high customer rating of 3 out of 3 out of 5. 

 The Vaults is a kid friendly coffee shop with a moderate price range. It is located in the riverside area near the riverside area of £ 20 - 25. 

 The Wrestlers, a pub in the Riverside area is not child friendly, moderately priced and is not child friendly and is near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 Near Ranch, Wildwood is a pub that serves Italian food. It is located near the city centre. 

 The Phoenix is a family friendly coffee shop located near the river, the riverside area. 

 The Wrestlers is a moderately priced pub located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 In the riverside area is a children friendly pub called The Wildwood, which has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 The Mill is a pub that serves fast food in Riverside, which is family friendly and has a high price range and is located in the riverside area. 

 The Punter is a pub near Café Sicilia that is not child friendly. It is not child friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop located near All Bar One. It is a 3 out of 5 customer rating of 5. It is kids friendly, and is in the city centre. 

 The Cricketers is a cheap coffee shop serving Japanese food near The Portland Arms. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is not family friendly. 

 The Waterman is a pub located on the riverside. 

 The Vaults is a pub located in the city centre with a high customer rating and prices ranging from £ 20 - 25. It is not kids friendly. 

 The Vaults is a low - friendly coffee shop that serves Italian food in the low price range. It is not family - friendly. It is located near the city centre. 

 Located near Ranch is a coffee shop that serves Indian food in the Riverside area near the riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near the riverside area. It's called The Vaults, near Café Brazil. 

 The Phoenix, is a pub that serves Fast food and is located in riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub in the riverside area near Café Adriatic. It is located near Café Adriatic. 

 Cotto is a restaurant that serves Italian food. 

 Blue Spice is a children friendly restaurant. 

 The Waterman is a pub that is a pub with moderate price range. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has a family friendly coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop in the city centre near the price range and is not kid friendly. The Punter near the high price range is average. 

 Blue Spice is a pub with average customer rating. 

 Green Man is a pub in the riverside area near the riverside area. It has a high price range. 

 The Phoenix is a 5 star rated French restaurant located near the river and French food in the riverside area, which has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. 

 A pub Giraffe is a family friendly pub that serves fast food. 

 The Vaults is a moderately priced, moderately priced Italian pub located near the city centre. 

 The Mill is a moderate priced pub located in the riverside area. It is kids friendly pub. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Indian food in the riverside area near the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn. It is not family friendly. 

 Blue Spice is a Chinese pub located in riverside area. It has a customer rating of riverside area and is near the riverside area. 

 The Waterman is a pub near the riverside that provides Indian food at riverside. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced, located near the river. 

 The Phoenix serves Indian food in the city centre, is not family - friendly and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating of 5 out of 5. 

 Located near the riverside, The Punter serves Italian food. It has a cheap price range of 5 out of 5. 

 There is a pub The Mill is not kid friendly pub that serves English food. It is located in the riverside area. 

 Blue Spice is a pub providing Chinese food. It is located in the city centre. It is not family - friendly and has a high price range. 

 The Mill is a pub that serves fast food at a customer rating of 5 out of 5. They serve Fast food. They serve Fast food. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop located near Ranch. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. 

 The Wrestlers is a kids friendly, coffee shop serving Japanese food. 

 The Portland Arms, The Cricketers is a coffee shop with a cheap coffee shop that serves English food. It is not family friendly and is located near The Portland Arms. 

 The Phoenix is a pub located on the riverside with a 3 out of 5 rating of 5. It has a customer rating of 5 and it is not child friendly 

 The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving Japanese food. It is not child friendly and serves Japanese food in the riverside area and is not family friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop providing Indian food. It is near All Bar One. It is located near All Bar One. 

 The Plough is a pub providing Indian food It has a high price range. 

 Blue Spice is a pub that has an average customer rating. 

 The Mill is a fast food coffee shop located in the city centre near Café Sicilia. It is not family - friendly. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Portland Arms is a non family friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating and is located near The Portland Arms. 

 Green Man is a pub in the riverside area near Café Rouge. It is located near Café Rouge. 

 The Punter is a cheap English restaurant near Café Sicilia and the Café Sicilia. 

 The Punter is an Indian food restaurant with a moderate price range. It is located near to The Portland Arms. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly restaurant near Café Sicilia. It has a low customer rating and has an average customer rating. 

 The Vaults is a kids friendly pub serving Japanese food with a 3 out of 5 customer rating of 5. It is near the city centre. 

 The Mill is a restaurant in Riverside near the riverside area near Café Rouge. It is located near Café Rouge. 

 Wildwood is a pub serving Indian food in the area. 

 The pub located near the riverside area of the riverside area, offers Indian Cuisine. 

 Near Ranch, try The Cricketers coffee shop near Ranch, near Ranch. It is child friendly and has a high customer rating. 

 The Portland Arms is a low - friendly coffee shop that is not family friendly. They are located near The Cricketers and it's not family friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a 1 out of 5. The Cricketers is a pub near All Bar One located near All Bar One. It is a low customer rating and serves Japanese food. It is located near All Bar One. 

 The Waterman is a moderately priced Indian coffee shop that is located in the riverside area. 

 The Waterman is a pub that serves Italian food in Riverside, and has a high price range. 

 Blue Spice is a pub that is family friendly. It is family friendly. 

 The Vaults is a pub that serves French food and is located near the river. 

 If you can find French pub near to eat at the Yippee Noodle Bar, near All Bar One. 

 The Waterman is a family friendly Indian food at the riverside. 

 The Vaults is a pub in the city centre near the price range less than £ 20. It has a low customer rating, located near Café Rouge. 

 The Vaults is a high priced, The Vaults which serves Italian food. It is child friendly and has a high customer rating. 

 The Phoenix is a kids friendly pub located in the city centre area, it is moderately priced French food in city centre. 

 Located near Café Rouge The Punter is a high priced pub near Café Rouge. 

 The Vaults is a pub that is a low rated low price range less than 20. It is family friendly. 

 Strada pub is low rated, but is not family friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving Italian food and serves Italian food. The Wrestlers. It is located in the city center of the moderate prices. 

 The Mill is a pub located in the riverside area. 

 Giraffe is a pub that serves French food in the city centre. It is family - friendly and is located in the city centre. 

 The Mill is a high priced pub that serves fast food. It is children friendly. It has a high prices. 

 The Mill is a pub located in the riverside area. It is a pub which serves English food. 

 The Vaults is a pub located near the city centre near the Café. It is a pub with a price range of 3 out of 5. 

 Zizzi pub is a pub that has a customer rating. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop located near the city centre near the city centre with a low customer rating. It is not family - friendly. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a cheap French coffee shop in riverside. It is family friendly and is family friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a family - friendly restaurant that has an average customer rating. It is near All Bar One. It is located near All Bar One. 

 There is a child friendly restaurant near the Ranch called The Cricketers that is near Café Rouge. It has an average customer rating of 3 out of 3 out of 5. 

 Wildwood is a French coffee shop in the high price range. 

 The Mill is a child friendly restaurant with a high customer rating. It is high price range is high. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Wrestlers is a pub that serves Japanese food for less than £ 20 pounds. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Cricketers is an average rated, family friendly coffee shop with an average rating. 

 The Mill is a child friendly coffee shop with a high customer rating. It is in the high customer rating and has high customer rating and high. 

 The Cricketers is a kids friendly coffee shop that is a kid friendly coffee shop near All Bar One. 

 There is a coffee shop called Wildwood with a high customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area. 

 A pub in the riverside area Wildwood is a child friendly pub which serves French food and has a customer rating. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced English coffee shop that provides moderately priced food with moderate price range. It is not kid friendly. 

 The Punter is a pub providing Indian food in the riverside near Café Sicilia. Its price range is not kid friendly. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop near the riverside near Café Sicilia. This coffee shop serves Indian food. It has a moderate price range and has a moderate price range. 

 The Vaults is a pub located in the riverside area near the riverside area. It is near Café Brazil. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop serving Indian food in the city centre near Café Sicilia. It's not child friendly and is near Café Sicilia. It is located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Mill is a low priced, located in the riverside area with an average customer rating. 

 The Mill is a restaurant that is located in the riverside area that serves English food in the riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a kid friendly coffee shop near the moderate price range. It is located near the city centre. It is near the city centre near the Café. 

 The Plough is a pub located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. It is not family friendly. It has a price range. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Indian food with a moderate price range with moderate price range. It is located near Café Sicilia in the city centre. It is located near Café Sicilia. 

 Blue Spice has a high price range of more than £ 30. 

 There is a family friendly coffee shop located near Ranch. It is located near Ranch with an average customer rating. 

 The Mill is a pub that serves English food in the riverside area. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Mill is a highly priced, near Café Rouge that serves English food in riverside. It is not child friendly. 

 A children friendly Italian restaurant called The Waterman is located in the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop near Ranch. It is near Ranch. It is near Ranch. 

 The Punter is a restaurant located in the city centre near The Portland Arms that serves Chinese food. It is kid friendly. 

 Giraffe is a pub located in the riverside area. It is not family friendly and is not kid friendly. 

 Blue Spice is a family friendly restaurant that serves English food with a low customer rating. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 Green Man is a pub that offers Italian food. It is located near the riverside. 

 The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving Japanese food in the city centre. The Wrestlers is not family - friendly. 

 The Waterman is a pub in the city centre that offers Italian food at less than £ 20 price range of less than £ 20. It has a low customer rating. 

 The Wrestlers is a kids friendly pub with a moderate price range. It is located near the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced coffee shop that offers Fast food. It is located next to the river. It is located near Café Rouge. 

 The Punter is a restaurant that serves English food in the city centre near Café Sicilia. They serve English food. 

 The Vaults is a child friendly coffee shop located near the riverside area near The Vaults. It is child friendly. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop that provides Indian food in the city centre with a moderate price range and is not kid friendly. 

 Giraffe is a family friendly place with a high price range of £ 20 - friendly atmosphere. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly Italian coffee shop in the high price range of £ 20. It is not family friendly and is not family friendly. 

 Green Man is a kid friendly Italian restaurant near All Bar One. It is located on the riverside area and is family friendly. 

 Blue Spice is a Chinese restaurant located in the city centre. 

 Blue Spice is a child friendly English food restaurant called Blue Spice. 

 Near Café Sicilia is a family friendly coffee shop located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café Sicilia. It is near Café. The Punter is a family friendly. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly coffee shop that offers French food for less than £ 20. It is not family friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a family - friendly Japanese pub in the city centre. It is a Japanese food for more than £ 30 and is located in the city centre. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly Italian coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside. It is a coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop providing Indian food and is located in the city centre near Café Rouge. Its price range is average. 

 The Cricketers is a mid - priced coffee shop located in the riverside area. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. 

 The Phoenix is a high priced, in Riverside area. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Mill is a pub in the riverside area, called The Mill serves English food at a price range. 

 The Punter is a children friendly coffee shop serving Italian food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is near the moderate price range and a customer rating. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub that is located in the riverside area. 

 There is a pub called The Wrestlers serving Japanese food in the riverside area and is not family friendly. It is not family friendly. 

 The Plough is a Chinese food pub serving Chinese food in the city centre. It is not child friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a pub in the city centre, not family - friendly. It is not children friendly, and is not child friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a French food restaurant located in the riverside area of 5 out of 5. It has a 5 rating and has a 5. 

 There is a moderately priced, located in the city centre near The Phoenix. It is not kid friendly. 

 Clowns is a pub located near Café Rouge. 

 The Cricketers is a child friendly restaurant that has a high customer rating. It is located near All Bar One. 

 The Vaults is a pub near the river. The Vaults. It is not family friendly and is a low rated, but is not family - friendly. 

 In the city centre, there is a kids friendly Japanese restaurant called Blue Spice. 

 The Mill is a restaurant in the city centre. It has an average price range of less than £ 20. 

 The Mill is a pub serving English food in the city centre. It is not family friendly. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly restaurant located in Riverside. It is located in the riverside area near Café Rouge. 

 The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Italian pub with a moderate price range. 

 Blue Spice is a pub in the city centre. It has a customer rating of city centre. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop that is a high priced Italian coffee shop near the riverside near the whole family. 

 Green Man is a pub that is not family - friendly. It is near the city centre. 

 The Mill, The Mill is a moderately priced Fast food pub serving fast food. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese coffee shop in the city centre. It is not child friendly. It is not children friendly and has a price range of more than £ 30. 

 The Vaults is a French food coffee shop. It is not family friendly, near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre. 

 The Vaults is a highly rated pub that serves Japanese food at the city centre near the £ 20 - 25. 

 The Phoenix is a pub located in the city centre near the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Wrestlers is a pub serving Japanese food. It is not family friendly and a low customer rating. It is located in the riverside area. 

 Near Ranch is a kid friendly coffee shop called The Cricketers and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is near Ranch. 

 In the city centre there is a fast food restaurant called The Phoenix. It is not family - friendly and has a price range of less than £ 20. 

 The Wrestlers is a pub near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine, and is not family - friendly and is not family friendly. 

 The Vaults is a kid friendly Japanese pub near the price range of 20 - 25. It is located near the city centre. 

 There is a high priced pub called Blue Spice. 

 The Cricketers is an Italian restaurant that is not family friendly. It is located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Phoenix is a moderately priced coffee shop located in riverside. 

 Blue Spice is a kids friendly environment that is located in the riverside area. 

 The Mill is a kid - priced pub serving fast food in the city centre near Café Rouge. It is a high customer rating and has a high customer rating. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced pub serving fast food for the riverside. It is located near Café Rouge. It is not kid friendly. 

 The Vaults is a pub that serves Indian food in the riverside area near Café Rouge. It is kids friendly and has a high customer rating. 

 The pub is a pub which has a moderate price range. 

 Green Man is a children friendly pub that serves Japanese food and it is located in the city centre near the city centre. 

 Strada is a low customer rating. It has a low customer rating. 

 The Mill is a high priced pub that serves fast food in the riverside area, is not kid - 25. 

 The Mill is a cheap pub that serves fast food and serves Fast food and is not family - friendly. 

 Located near the riverside, The Phoenix is a highly rated French food coffee shop located in the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a non family - friendly coffee shop near Café Rouge in the city centre. It is near Café Rouge and has an average customer rating. It is not family friendly. 

 Blue Spice serves Chinese food in the city centre. It has a low customer rating. It is not family - friendly and is not family friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a kid friendly coffee shop that offers Italian food. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly Italian coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine and is child friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a cheap, located in riverside area with a 5 out of 5 customer rating. It is a customer rating. 

 The Cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop with a high customer rating located near All Bar One with a high customer rating. 

 Giraffe is a family friendly pub with a moderate price range of 3 out of 5 customer rating. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop providing French food in the riverside area near Café Rouge. It is located near Café Brazil in riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly restaurant that is kid friendly environment. 

 The Phoenix is a 3 out of 5, near Café Rouge, located near Café Rouge, a French coffee shop, that is 3 out of 5 stars and a French restaurant in the city centre. 

 The Phoenix is a coffee shop in the city centre and a moderately priced French food. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. 

 The Mill is a cheap pub with a low customer rating, family - friendly and serves Fast food in the less than 20. 

 The Vaults is a pub in the riverside area near Café Brazil, a price range is not child friendly pub that is not kid friendly. 

 There is an Indian restaurant called Wildwood. It has a high customer rating of high price range. 

 The Mill is a pub providing fast food in the riverside area. It is located in riverside area. It is not kid friendly and is not kid friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop that offers moderately priced with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 

 The Mill is a cheap Fast food coffee shop located in the city centre. It has a cheap price range. 

 Giraffe pub that is a family - friendly and is kid friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a French food pub located in riverside. It is not kid friendly and located in riverside area. 

 The Phoenix serves fast food in the city centre, a moderate price range. It is not kids friendly and is located in the city centre. 

 The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Italian coffee shop that is located near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is family friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a children friendly coffee shop serving French food at the city centre. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Vaults is a child friendly French coffee shop in the riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop that is family friendly. It is a family friendly and is located near the riverside. 

 The Mill is a fast food restaurant that serves Fast food for less than £ 20. It is located near Café Rouge. It is located in the river. 

 The Plough is a pub located in riverside area near Café Rouge. It is family friendly and is located near Café Rouge. 

 The Punter is a cheap Chinese restaurant that is not family friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a French food pub, French food in the city centre. It is children friendly and it is located in the city centre. 

 Giraffe is a fast food coffee shop serving fast food. It is not child friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a fast food pub in the riverside area, it has a high customer rating and the riverside area. 

 The Waterman is a pub located on the riverside. It is family friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves French food and has a low customer rating. It is near Ranch. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub that is a low priced and serves Italian food. It has a low customer rating. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced pub in Riverside. It's child friendly and the riverside area near Café Rouge. 

 Zizzi has a high customer rating of high customer rating. 

 The Cricketers is a cheap family friendly restaurant located near All Bar One. It is family friendly restaurant that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 out of 5. 

 The Waterman is a kid friendly Indian food in riverside area. It is located near riverside. 

 The Mill is a high priced restaurant that serves expensive English food in the city centre. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the city centre near the high price range. Its customer rating is average and it is average. 

 Green Man is a pub in the riverside area. It has a price range of 5 out of 5. 

 In riverside area is a family friendly pub that serves Chinese food. It is located in Riverside. 

 The Waterman is a pub in the city centre and it is a pub that provides Indian food in the city centre. 

 The Mill is a cheap fast food pub located in Riverside near Café Rouge. It is family - friendly and offers a 5 out of 5. 

 The Phoenix is a highly rated pub in the riverside area. It is not kid friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a kid friendly coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. It is children friendly with a moderate price range. 

 The Waterman is a high priced Italian restaurant that serves Italian food. 

 In the city centre is a moderately priced pub called The Phoenix. It is family - friendly, but it is located near the city centre. 

 The Green Man is a family friendly Japanese food restaurant near All Bar One. It is in riverside area near All Bar One. 

 The Blue Spice is a kids friendly English pub in riverside area, English food. 

 The Mill is a high priced English pub that is located in the city centre near Café Rouge. 

 The Vaults is a kid friendly pub near Café Rouge in the riverside area near Café Brazil, near Café Brazil. It is a high price range of 3 out of the riverside area. 

 Strada has an average customer rating, with a low customer rating. 

 The Mill is a pub that is a moderate price range that serves English food in the riverside area and it is kid friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly restaurant near Ranch. It is near Ranch. 

 The Punter is a moderately priced Indian coffee shop in the city centre, and is not kids friendly. It is located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese food coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine, it is not family friendly establishment in the riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a children - priced pub located in the riverside area. It serves French food. It is in the riverside area. 

 Near the riverside, The Waterman is a family friendly restaurant that serves Italian food and has an average rating. 

 Located in the riverside area, The Waterman is a pub in riverside area. It is a pub. 

 Green Man is a Japanese pub located near the riverside and is not family friendly. It is not family friendly. 

 Cocum is a low rated coffee shop that has a low customer rating and is not family friendly. 

 The Vaults is a child friendly pub with an average customer rating near the riverside area. It is near the riverside near the Express by customers. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop with a high price range located near the Café Sicilia and is not children friendly. It has a high price range. 

 The Punter is a moderate price range with a moderately priced coffee shop serving Indian food. It is kid friendly. It is located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Vaults is a Japanese restaurant near the price range between £ 20 - 25, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is not kid friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a moderately priced restaurant near All Bar One in the city centre, kid friendly atmosphere is called The Portland Arms. 

 The Portland Arms, the riverside is a three out of 5 star restaurant with a customer rating, The Cricketers. They are not family friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a pub that serves French food in the riverside area. It is located in the riverside area and is not kid friendly. 

 The Mill is a moderate priced restaurant with moderate price range. 

 The Punter is a highly priced, family friendly coffee shop in the city centre area. It is located near the city centre. 

 The Punter is a family friendly restaurant located near Café Sicilia, near Café Sicilia. 

 The Vaults is a cheap pub with a cheap price range less than £ 20 and is near The Vaults. It is not family friendly. 

 Located near Ranch is a coffee shop that serves coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 out of 5. It has a customer rating and is not family - friendly. 

 The Punter is a child friendly restaurant located near the Café Sicilia. It has an average customer rating and has average customer rating and is located near Café Sicilia. 

 There is a Japanese coffee shop called The Wrestlers with a price range of less than £ 20. It is not family friendly. 

 The Waterman is a cheap Indian restaurant that serves Indian food. It is not family friendly. It is located in riverside. 

 The Phoenix is a pub located in the city centre and has a low customer rating. 

 The Plough pub that is located near the riverside. It is kids friendly and is located near Café Rouge. 

 Near Ranch is a restaurant near Ranch called The Cricketers. It has a low customer rating. 

 Wildwood is a pub with an average customer rating of average customer rating. 

 The Cricketers is a kid friendly pub near Café Sicilia, and has an average customer rating. 

 The Vaults, is a pub that is located near the riverside near Café Brazil. It is not family friendly and a kid friendly. 

 The Mill is a pub which offers fast food and is located in the riverside. It is not family friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a highly priced, the riverside area, and is a coffee shop that is not child friendly. 

 Giraffe is a fast food pub located in riverside area and is child friendly. 

 The Mill is a family - friendly restaurant that provides Indian food in the moderate price range 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub located near Café Brazil. 

 Green Man is a kid friendly Japanese restaurant in Riverside area near the riverside area. 

 The Plough is a non child friendly Chinese restaurant located near Café Rouge. They are not kids friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a high rated, with high customer rating in the city centre. It has a high customer rating, it is not kids friendly and a high customer rating. 

 There is a coffee shop called Wildwood that is cheap Indian food. It is located near the river. 

 The Mill is a family friendly coffee shop that offers a cheap food at a family - friendly environment and has an average rating 

 The Punter is a pub near Café Sicilia in the high price range of £ 20 - 25, is child friendly. 

 The Waterman is a kid friendly Italian restaurant in the riverside area. It is located near the riverside area. 

 Giraffe is a pub located near the riverside area and serves fast food. It is not kid - friendly. 

 Blue Spice is a family friendly restaurant. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Mill is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre. It serves fast food. It is cheap price range is family friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a high priced restaurant near Café Sicilia. It has a child friendly environment. 

 The Phoenix is a kid - priced French pub that serves French food in the riverside area. It is located in riverside area. 

 The Wrestlers serves Japanese food in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine, is located near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 Giraffe is a pub that offers Fast food at the riverside. 

 The Phoenix is a family - friendly coffee shop in the city centre. It serves fast food. It is located in city centre. 

 The Wrestlers is a pub that provides Japanese food and is located near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside. 

 The Mill is a moderate price range coffee shop, the riverside, serving moderately priced food with a moderate price range and is not kids friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Japanese food in riverside. It is not family friendly. It is not family friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a high priced fast food restaurant located in Riverside. 

 The Vaults is a Japanese pub that serves Japanese food in the £ 20 - 25. It has a high price range. It is not kids friendly. 

 Green Man is a kid friendly restaurant near All Bar One, located near All Bar One. 

 The Mill is a kids friendly Fast food restaurant serving Fast food in the moderate price range. 

 Giraffe is a family - friendly fast food restaurant that is kid friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop located near All Bar One. It has a high customer rating and is located near All Bar One. 

 Green Man is a child friendly Italian pub located near the riverside area near the All Bar One. 

 The Plough is a family friendly pub that is located near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre. 

 The Phoenix is a family friendly pub located in the riverside area with a cheap price range of less than £ 20 and a low customer rating. 

 There is a kid friendly restaurant named The Cricketers in the riverside area near The Portland Arms and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and located near The Portland Arms. 

 The Vaults is a cheap Indian restaurant located on the riverside. 

 The Phoenix is a pub in the riverside area, with a low customer rating and an average customer rating. 

 The Mill is a pub serving fast food with high price range and has a high price range. It is located near Café Sicilia. 

 Zizzi is a pub with average customer rating and average customer rating. 

 The Cricketers is a moderately priced, a kid friendly restaurant, and is kid friendly restaurant that serves Chinese food and it is near All Bar One in the Ranch. 

 The Phoenix is a child - friendly pub located by the riverside. They serve French food. The customer rating. 

 The Mill is a family - friendly pub with a low customer rating. It is located in the city centre. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Waterman is an Indian food pub in Riverside. It is not family friendly and located in the riverside area. 

 The Green Man is a Japanese pub located in the city centre, near Café Rouge. It is family friendly and has a high customer rating. 

 The Mill is a moderate priced restaurant in the city centre area, it is not kids - friendly, not kids friendly. 

 The Waterman is an Indian food at less than £ 20 price range. It is a less than £ 20. They are located in the city centre. 

 The Punter is a pub near the Café Sicilia in the riverside area with a price range of less than £ 20. It is not kids friendly. 

 Near Ranch is a family friendly coffee shop near Ranch. It is family - friendly. It is located near Ranch. 

 The Punter is a cheap coffee shop that serves Italian food with a cheap prices, but is not family - friendly, near the city centre near the city centre near Café Sicilia. 

 Near Café is a family friendly coffee shop called The Punter in the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly restaurant that serves Japanese food. 

 The Phoenix, The Phoenix is a non family - friendly coffee shop in the riverside area. It is located in the riverside area. 

 Green Man is a family friendly pub in riverside area near All Bar One in the riverside area. 

 The pub Wildwood serves French food. It is located near the river. 

 Strada is a one star family friendly pub serving moderately priced. 

 Giraffe is a fast food restaurant near the Giraffe. 

 The Vaults is a high priced Japanese food coffee shop. It is not child friendly and is not kid friendly. 

 The Mill, The Mill is a non family friendly pub serving fast food. It is located in the riverside area and is not family - friendly. 

 The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Indian food in the city centre. It is average. 

 The Vaults is an Italian pub near the river, with a moderate price range. It is not kid friendly and the riverside area of 3 out of 5. 

 A coffee shop is a family friendly coffee shop with a low customer rating. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly, located near All Bar One. It is a high customer rating. It is near All Bar One. 

 The Phoenix is a family - friendly French food restaurant located near the riverside and has a customer rating. 

 Giraffe is a family friendly coffee shop with a moderate price range. It is located near the city centre. 

 In the riverside area there is a French pub called The Phoenix. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop near Ranch with a 3 out of 5 customer rating of 5 customer rating of 5. 

 The Phoenix is a pub in riverside area located in the riverside area. It is a pub that is located in riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a pub that is a high - friendly pub near the riverside with a high customer rating. It is called The Vaults. It is child friendly. 

 The Mill is a fast food pub near Café Rouge in the riverside area. It has a high price range. 

 The Phoenix is a kid friendly fast food restaurant in riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a fast food pub that is located in the riverside area. 

 Cocum is a low rated pub that is low and it has a low customer rating. 

 The Mill, located in the riverside area near Café Rouge, offers moderately priced English food. 

 The Vaults is a pub that is not kid friendly. It is near the riverside and has a 1 out of 5. 

 Green Man is a children friendly restaurant that serves Japanese food and is located in the city centre near All Bar One. 

 There is a moderately priced coffee shop called The Phoenix which offers fast food in the riverside area. It has a customer rating of the riverside area. 

 The Waterman is a highly priced Italian restaurant located on the riverside. 

 The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Japanese coffee shop that is not family friendly. It is in the riverside area. It has a moderate price range. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves fast food. It is located near Café Sicilia. 

 Blue Spice, is a child friendly and serves English food and has a customer rating. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop near Ranch. It is located near Ranch. It is near the Ranch and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 out of 5. 

 Giraffe is a pub that serves French food. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Punter is a moderately priced restaurant in the city centre near Café Sicilia. It is not family friendly. 

 Near Ranch there is a child friendly coffee shop called The Cricketers near Ranch. It has a rating of 5. 

 The Cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop that has high customer rating and is child friendly. 

 The Waterman is a pub that serves Italian food. It is located in the city centre. It is not kids - friendly. 

 Giraffe is a child - friendly pub that is located in the city centre. 

 The Cricketers is a highly rated coffee shop that serves highly rated and is located near All Bar One. It is not children friendly. 

 The pub is an Indian pub. It is not kids friendly. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Cricketers is a child friendly pub with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 The Phoenix is a pub that serves Fast food for a low priced fast food in the riverside area. It is located by the river. 

 The Vaults is a pub in the riverside area near Café Rouge. It is kid friendly environment in Riverside area. 

 Giraffe is a family friendly coffee shop. It is near the riverside area and is located near the riverside. 

 The Mill, the city centre near Café Rouge, The Mill is a moderately priced coffee shop. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Vaults is a pub that is not kid friendly and serves Japanese food for Japanese food in the high price range. 

 The Cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop near All Bar One. It is near All Bar One. It has a high customer rating and has a high customer rating. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced pub that serves English food in the city centre. It has a moderate price range and is not family friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a French pub in the riverside area, has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is a 5. 

 There is a family - friendly coffee shop called The Wrestlers that serves French food and has a low customer rating. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop located in Riverside area near Café Sicilia. 

 The Punter is a child friendly Italian restaurant serving Italian food with a high price range. It is located near Café. 

 The Phoenix is a moderately priced, that has a rating of 1 out of 5 and has a customer rating of 5. It is located in the city centre near the city centre. 

 Giraffe is a family - friendly coffee shop called Giraffe. It is family friendly. 

 Blue Spice is a low - friendly place that serves English food in riverside. 

 The Phoenix is a cheap coffee shop providing Indian food in the city centre. It is located in the city centre and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. 

 There is a restaurant called Zizzi. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese restaurant serving Japanese food with a moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. 

 Near the riverside, there is a coffee shop called Wildwood. It's located near the Café Rouge. 

 The Mill is a family friendly pub in the city centre. 

 The Mill is a high priced, near Café Rouge in the riverside area. 

 Located near Café Rouge is an average priced pub near Café Rouge. It is a children friendly. It has a high customer rating. 

 The Punter is a kid friendly coffee shop serving Italian food with a high customer rating in the city centre. It has a high customer rating of average customer rating and is price range. 

 The Wrestlers is a pub that provides Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food with a price range of less than 20. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Cricketers is a highly rated and family - friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food with a high customer rating. It is located near All Bar One. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese restaurant with an average customer rating. It is not family friendly. 

 The Cricketers is an average rated, family friendly, family friendly coffee shop. 

 The Mill is a pub near the riverside area. It is not kid friendly and offers English food in riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a kid friendly French restaurant located in the riverside area. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 rating of 5. 

 The Plough is a pub located near Café Rouge, it is a pub located near Café Rouge that provides Chinese food 

 The Punter is a highly rated Italian coffee shop in the riverside area, near Café Sicilia. 

 Green Man is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves Japanese food and is near the riverside. 

 The Mill is a family friendly pub which provides English food in the riverside area. 

 Giraffe is a family - friendly pub that serves fast food. It is located near the riverside. 

 Giraffe is a pub that is family friendly pub in the riverside area. It is located near the riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a high priced coffee shop in riverside area. It is near to the riverside area and a pub. 

 Near the Wildwood is a pub that is kid friendly. Its customer rating is average. 

 The Wrestlers is a non family - friendly coffee shop that is located near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating. 

 The Phoenix is a riverside, which is a low priced coffee shop in the riverside area. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Japanese restaurant located next to Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving coffee shop. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. 

 The Waterman is a family friendly Indian food restaurant in the riverside area. It is near the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that offers a high customer rating. It is child friendly. 

 The Phoenix, the city centre is a family - friendly pub located in the city centre. It is low customer rating. 

 The Cricketers is a 3 out of 5 rated Japanese coffee shop near Ranch. It is rated 3 out of 5. 

 The Phoenix is a cheap French coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family - friendly and located in riverside. 

 Located on the riverside, The Waterman, is a high priced, child friendly Indian food restaurant that provides Indian food. 

 Giraffe is a family - friendly Fast food place called Giraffe and is children friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Italian food. 

 The Cricketers is a moderately priced Indian restaurant near All Bar One. It is not kid friendly and has a customer rating of 5. 

 The Vaults is a moderate price range coffee shop providing Italian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the moderate price range and is moderate. 

 The Phoenix is a family - friendly pub near the city centre near the city centre. It is located in the city centre. It has a low customer rating. 

 The Wrestlers is a pub that serves Japanese food, but it is not family - friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop near Ranch. It is near Ranch. It has a high customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 Giraffe is a family friendly pub located in the city centre. 

 Blue Spice is a non family - friendly coffee shop located in the city centre area. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Waterman is an Italian restaurant in the city centre. It has an average customer rating. It is not family - friendly. 

 There is a pub near the riverside called The Waterman that serves Italian food. 

 The Mill is a pub that serves Fast food in the city centre. It is located in the city centre area. 

 The Mill is a family friendly Italian coffee shop located in the city centre. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Cricketers is a children friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is near Ranch. 

 The Phoenix is a moderately priced fast food in the city centre. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a French pub located near the city centre near the city centre with a customer rating. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. 

 The Cricketers is a low - friendly coffee shop located near All Bar One. It is located near All Bar One. It is not family - friendly and is near All Bar One. 

 The Mill is a low priced restaurant that is not family friendly. It is not family - friendly. It is located in the city centre. 

 There is a pub called Wildwood near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves French food. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop near Ranch. They have a low customer rating. It is not family friendly and has a low customer rating. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced restaurant in the riverside area near The Mill. It is not kid friendly. 

 The Vaults is a child friendly pub that serves Japanese food in the riverside area near The Vaults. 

 The Mill is a family friendly, located in riverside area. It is near riverside area, and is located on the riverside. 

 Blue Spice is a family friendly pub. It is in Riverside. It has a price range of 1 out of 5. 

 The Cricketers is a highly rated Italian restaurant near All Bar One. It is not family friendly, located near All Bar One. 

 Located near Ranch is a family friendly coffee shop near Ranch. It's kids friendly environment. 

 Giraffe is a family - friendly pub that is not family - friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese pub providing Japanese food in the city centre. It is family friendly. It is kid friendly. 

 The Mill is a pub with a cheap price range and a cheap price range. 

 Wildwood is a family - friendly coffee shop with prices are located near the city centre near All Bar One. 

 Green Man serves Italian food and is located near the riverside area and is kids friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a mid - priced coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 There is a pub called The Wrestlers, offering Italian food at the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 Green Man is a family friendly, family friendly place located near All Bar One. They are located near All Bar One. 

 The Phoenix is a pub providing fast food in Riverside. It is located in the riverside area and has a moderate price range. 

 The Mill is a high priced, serving English food at a high price range and children friendly atmosphere and the riverside. 

 The Waterman is a non family - family friendly Italian restaurant in the city centre with a price range of more than £ 30. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub that is located near Café Brazil. It is family friendly and the city centre. 

 The Phoenix is a pub located in the city centre near Café Rouge with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. 

 The Punter is a moderate price range. It is a moderate price range, 1 out of 5. It is near the coffee shop with a moderately priced and it's kid friendly. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop which is a cheap coffee shop that serves Italian food. It is located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Vaults is a pub that has an average customer rating, and is not kid friendly. It is located in the riverside area. 

 Giraffe is a pub in Riverside area, near the Giraffe. 

 The Punter, moderately priced coffee shop near the high price range is called The Punter is kid friendly and has a high customer rating. 

 Strada is a low rated 1 out of 5 rated 1 out of 5. 

 The Cricketers is a high end coffee shop serving expensive. It is near All Bar One. It is located near All Bar One and has a high customer rating. 

 The Mill is a family - friendly pub serving English food in the city centre. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Cricketers is a non family - friendly coffee shop located near the Express by Holiday Inn. It's not child friendly. It is near All Bar One. 

 There is a high rated coffee shop called The Cricketers and has a low customer rating. It is not child friendly. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced, located in the city centre near Café Rouge. It is not kid - friendly and has a rating of 1 out of 5. 

 Clowns is a pub near The Mill. 

 The Phoenix is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Indian food in the city centre. It is kid friendly and it is located in the city centre. 

 The Wrestlers is a pub serving Japanese food at low price range. It is not family - friendly and is not family - friendly. 

 Wildwood pub near the riverside serves French food. 

 Green Man serves Japanese food in the riverside area near the riverside area. It is not child friendly. 

 The Vaults is a pub with a high customer rating, in the riverside area near the riverside area and prices are children friendly environment. 

 In Riverside there is a cheap French restaurant called The Phoenix. It is located in the riverside area. 

 Blue Spice is a pub located in the city centre with a moderate price range of city centre. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese coffee shop located by the river. It has a customer rating of the river and family friendly environment. 

 The Vaults is a child friendly restaurant near the river. It is in the riverside area. 

 The Mill is a kid friendly pub in the moderate price range. 

 There is a fast food restaurant called Giraffe that has a low customer rating. 

 The Wrestlers is a children friendly Italian restaurant. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Portland Arms, is a restaurant in the city centre, high price range and has an average customer rating. 

 The Vaults is a moderately priced Italian coffee shop that is not kid friendly. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. 

 The Phoenix is a kids - friendly pub that is a 3 out of 5 customer rating, it is a 3 out of 5. It serves French food. 

 The Vaults is a moderately priced Italian pub located near the city centre near the city centre. It is not a moderately priced. 

 The Waterman is a pub located in riverside. They have a moderate price range. 

 The Phoenix is a moderately priced pub in riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia with average customer rating and has an average customer rating. 

 The Waterman is a cheap Italian restaurant near the city centre, the city center near the the prices are not family - friendly. 

 There is a coffee shop called The Phoenix located in the riverside area. It is not children friendly and has a high customer rating of the riverside area near Café Rouge. 

 The Punter is a cheap restaurant near Café Sicilia and located near Café Sicilia. 

 There is a kids friendly coffee shop called The Cricketers. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. 

 The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop near the price range of less than 20. It is near Café Sicilia. It is family friendly. 

 Wildwood is a pub providing Indian food. It is located in the riverside. 

 The Phoenix is a pub that has a high customer rating of £ 30. It is a high customer rating and is child - friendly and has a high customer rating. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop near the riverside near the Café Rouge. It is near Café Rouge. 

 Blue Spice is a coffee shop with average customer rating. It has average customer rating. 

 The pub near the Wildwood is a pub. It is a pub that has a high price range of 1 out of 5. 

 Green Man is a pub near the riverside area near All Bar One. It is located near All Bar One. 

 Giraffe is a family friendly coffee shop. It is family friendly and offers fast food. 

 The pub serves Indian food for £ 20 - 25 and serves Indian food and is located near Café Rouge. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly restaurant that serves English food and is located near Café Rouge and has an average customer rating. 

 Blue Spice is a pub in the city centre 

 The Wrestlers, there is a family friendly Japanese pub that serves Japanese food. It has a family friendly and has a customer rating of £ 20 - friendly. 

 The Portland Arms is a cheap, family - friendly coffee shop that serves cheap. It is located near The Portland Arms. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Phoenix is a Fast food coffee shop in the city centre. It has a price range of less than £ 20. It is family - friendly. 

 Blue Spice is a children friendly English food place called Blue Spice. It is located in the riverside area. 

 Wildwood pub has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 customer rating of 5. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub that is a family friendly pub near The Vaults near Café Rouge. It is located near Café Rouge. 

 The Punter is a moderately priced coffee shop near Café Sicilia with a moderate price range located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Vaults is a pub located next to the river that has a moderate price range. It has a 1 out of 5 rating of 5. 

 There is a kids friendly pub called The Mill near The Mill that provides Indian food in the moderate price range. 

 Giraffe is a pub that is kid friendly. It is near to the riverside near the Giraffe. 

 The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Italian restaurant with a moderate price range. 

 The Vaults is a pub that offers French food and offers food. It is not child friendly. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Phoenix, is a kid friendly Fast food restaurant in the city centre. It has a moderate price range. 

 Blue Spice serves English food. It is located in the city centre. 

 Cocum is a pub that provides pasta. 

 The Phoenix is a French pub that serves French food in the riverside area and it is not child friendly. It has a high customer rating of £ 20 - 25. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop with a high customer rating and average customer rating. It has a high customer rating and is not child friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a family - friendly pub that is a pub that serves French food in the city centre. 

 The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop that has an average customer rating, near the price range is located near Café Sicilia. It is family friendly. 

 There is a family friendly coffee shop called The Wrestlers in Riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Vaults is a pub located in the city centre near Café Brazil. It is not kid friendly, and is located near Café Rouge. 

 The Phoenix is a highly rated Indian restaurant, near the city centre. It has a high customer rating and has a high customer rating of 3 out of 3 out of 5. 

 The Vaults is a kid friendly pub located near the city centre. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly Japanese restaurant in the moderate price range. 

 The Cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia that is located near Café Sicilia. It is located near Café Sicilia. 

 Blue Spice is a kid friendly, located in the city centre, it's a cheap price range of the city centre. 

 The Phoenix is a mid - priced fast food restaurant located next to the river. 

 The Waterman is a family friendly Indian food at a restaurant that provides Indian food. It is located in riverside. 

 There is a pub called Wildwood pub that serves French food. 

 The Vaults is a French coffee shop located in the city centre near the city centre. It is moderately priced, and the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 There is a coffee shop called Wildwood that offers French food with a price range of less than £ 20 price range. 

 Blue Spice is a high price range and it is not family friendly. 

 Blue Spice is a family friendly pub located in riverside area. It is kids friendly. 

 The Mill is a family friendly coffee shop with a price range of less than £ 20. It is near Café Rouge and low customer rating. 

 The Phoenix is a kid friendly coffee shop serving fast food near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre 

 The Punter is a moderately priced coffee shop that is located near the city centre. It is near Café Rouge. Its customer rating is kid friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a low - friendly coffee shop near All Bar One and low priced. 

 The Mill is a family friendly coffee shop that serves food for less than £ 20, located by the river. It is family. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Italian food for a cheap prices. It has an average customer rating of average customer rating. It is not family - friendly and is located near the city centre. 

 The Punter is a family friendly Indian food place in the city centre. It is kid friendly. It is near the price range of less than £ 20. 

 The Mill is a pub located near Café Sicilia and is a cheap, is located near Café Rouge and serves fast food. 

 Blue Spice is a family friendly pub located near the river. It has a moderate price range and has an average customer rating. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly coffee shop in Riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Vaults is a French food pub that serves French food in the city centre. It is not family friendly. 

 The Vaults is a French coffee shop located in the riverside area near the riverside area. It is not kid friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a cheap French pub located in the city centre. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating of 5 out of 5, but not family - friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a kid friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area. It is high customer rating and has a high price range and it is high customer rating. 

 The Punter is a cheap English food pub near Café Sicilia. It serves English food. 

 Green Man is a Japanese food in the city centre. It is not family - friendly. It is not family friendly. 

 The Mill is a coffee shop near Café Rouge in the city centre. It serves fast food. It has an average rating. 

 The Phoenix is a child friendly French pub located in the riverside area. It is moderately priced, near the riverside area. 

 The Waterman pub near the city centre is a pub serving Italian food. It is not child friendly. 

 There is a coffee shop near Ranch called The Cricketers. It is near Ranch with a low customer rating. 

 Giraffe is a pub. It is located near the riverside and serves fast food. 

 The Waterman serves Indian food at a moderate price range. It is kid friendly. It is located in the riverside. 

 The Waterman is a child friendly Italian restaurant in Riverside. It is located on the riverside area. 

 Near All Bar One is a Japanese food venue named Green Man. It is not family friendly. 

 The Cricketers coffee shop serves Indian food near Café Sicilia, it is children friendly and has a high customer rating. 

 The Wrestlers is a pub that serves Japanese food with a high price range of more than £ 30. It is not child friendly. 

 The Vaults is a non family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near the city centre. It is not family - friendly and serves Indian Cuisine. 

 The Punter is a child friendly coffee shop serving Indian food in the high price range. It is near the high price range. It is located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Punter is a high priced coffee shop that serves Indian food. They are child friendly and have a high price range of more than £ 30. 

 The Vaults is a pub that provides French food in the riverside. It is not child friendly. 

 Green Man is a child friendly pub located in the riverside area near the riverside area near All Bar One. 

 The Phoenix is a kid - priced coffee shop that serves Fast food. It is in the riverside area. 

 The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Vaults is a pub that provides French food in Riverside. 

 The Mill, near Café Rouge in the riverside area is not a moderately priced, moderate price range. 

 The Vaults is a pub located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café in the riverside area near Café. It has a low customer rating. 

 The Punter is a cheap coffee shop in the riverside area near Rainbow Vegetarian Café with cheap price range. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 out of 5. 

 The Vaults is a moderately priced coffee shop with a moderate price range. It is not kid friendly. 

 Blue Spice is an English pub with a low price range. It is not child friendly. 

 The Vaults is a Japanese food pub located in the city centre, is not family - friendly. 

 The Vaults is a cheap Indian coffee shop that is located in the riverside area. 

 Blue Spice is a pub in the riverside area. It serves English food. It has a high price range. It is not child friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese pub that offers Japanese food at a Japanese food. It is located in the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Mill, a pub serving Fast food. It is located in the riverside area, near the riverside area. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop located near The Punter that serves Indian food. It is located near Raja Indian food. 

 Clowns pub is a pub. 

 The Punter is a cheap Indian food coffee shop that serves Indian food. It has an average customer rating of average customer rating and has an average customer rating. 

 Blue Spice is a family friendly restaurant which serves English food. 

 The Phoenix is a high - priced coffee shop located in the city centre. 

 The Phoenix is a cheap, low rated 5 out of 5. It has a 5 rating and is located in the riverside area. 

 Green Man serves Japanese food in the riverside area near the riverside area near All Bar One. 

 There is a children - friendly coffee shop called The Cricketers. It has a high customer rating and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that is children friendly. It has a customer rating of 5. 

 The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that offers sushi. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not child friendly. 

 The Punter is a pub near the riverside near Café Sicilia. It is near Café Sicilia. 

 The Punter is an Indian coffee shop located near the riverside area with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not child friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a pub, low - friendly pub located in the riverside area. It is not children friendly. It is located in the riverside area. 

 Near All Bar One, The Cricketers is a high priced, it's a highly rated coffee shop in the Riverside area near All Bar One. 

 The Phoenix is a kid friendly establishment serving French food and has a moderate price range in the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a child friendly restaurant near All Bar One. The Portland Arms, located near The Portland Arms and has a high customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 Blue Spice is a coffee shop located in city centre. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a high price range. It is located in riverside near the riverside area, and is located in riverside area. 

 The Phoenix, located in the riverside area, is a moderately priced, is a family friendly pub with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 Blue Spice is a family friendly venue that serves English food and is located by the riverside. 

 The Mill is a children friendly coffee shop located in riverside area. It has an average customer rating and a high price range and is located in the riverside area. 

 The Waterman, located in Riverside, is a high price range. 

 The Punter is a cheap Indian food place with an average customer rating near Express by Holiday Inn. It has an average customer rating. It is family friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a high priced, kid friendly coffee shop in the riverside area. They serve fast food in Riverside area. 

 The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Japanese coffee shop in the city centre area. 

 The Cricketers is a kids friendly coffee shop located near All Bar One. It is in the city centre near All Bar One. 

 Blue Spice is a pub with a price range of less than £ 20. It is located in the riverside. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub near the riverside. The Vaults is a family friendly pub. It is family friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop near All Bar One that is a highly rated and near All Bar One. It is a high customer rating and is child friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Japanese coffee shop that serves Japanese food in riverside. It is not kid friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the riverside area near All Bar One. It has a high customer rating, is high customer rating. It is not child friendly. 

 In the Café Rouge there is a family friendly Indian restaurant called The Indian Cuisine. 

 The Green Man is a 3 out of 5, which serves Chinese food. It is located near All Bar One. 

 The Plough is a Chinese restaurant in the city centre near The Plough, a non kid friendly pub. 

 The Waterman is a pub located in the city centre and is not family - friendly. It is not family friendly. 

 The Mill is a coffee shop located at the river, and the riverside area. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Mill is a non family friendly coffee shop which offers food in the city centre. It is not family friendly. It has an average price range is located in the city centre. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced fast food coffee shop that provides fast food with a 1 out of 5 customer rating. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Mill is a pub that serves English food with a moderate price range located in the city centre near The Mill 

 The Mill is a high priced, highly priced restaurant that serves English food. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced restaurant near Café Rouge. It is located in the city centre. It is family - friendly. 

 The Vaults is a 5 customer rating is a pub in the riverside area that serves Japanese food and is kid friendly. It is near Café Rouge. 

 The Punter is an average priced Indian coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is not kid friendly. 

 The Plough is a restaurant that serves Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located near the city centre. 

 The Punter is a family friendly pub that serves English food in the city centre. It is children friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a low priced restaurant in the city centre. It is child friendly, and is low customer rating. 

 The Phoenix is a pub in riverside area near the riverside area, with a low customer rating and is not child - friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a kids friendly coffee shop near All Bar One in the All Bar One. They are located near All Bar One. 

 The Punter, is a kids friendly pub near Café Sicilia and is a moderate price range. It is located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Mill is a pub located near Café Rouge in the riverside area of 5. It's a moderately priced, it is not kids friendly and is not kid friendly. 

 Blue Spice is a non family friendly pub that serves Japanese food and is located in the city centre. 

 The Phoenix is a family friendly coffee shop with a low customer rating. It is located in riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly restaurant near Ranch. It has a rating of 5 out of 5. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly restaurant with a low customer rating. 

 The Phoenix is a family - friendly pub that serves French food. It is located in the riverside near the riverside area. 

 The Waterman is located in Riverside. It has a high price range. It is not children friendly and is located in the riverside area. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced coffee shop that offers fast food. It is located near Café Sicilia. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Punter is a moderately priced coffee shop near Café Sicilia. The Punter is kids friendly, near Café Sicilia. It is near Café Sicilia and is kid friendly. 

 Near the riverside area is a family - friendly place named Green Man. It is located by the riverside. 

 The Vaults is a cheap Indian coffee shop serving Indian food in riverside. 

 The Punter is a 5 out of 5 rating Italian coffee shop that serves Italian food near the riverside near Café Sicilia. It has a customer rating of 5. 

 The Punter, located near Café Sicilia. It is a highly priced, and is near Café Sicilia and is located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Wrestlers is a non family - friendly coffee shop serving Japanese food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5, it is located near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not kid friendly. 

 The Punter is a cheap Italian food place called The Punter. It is not family friendly. It is not family friendly. 

 The Vaults is a pub in the city centre that serves Indian food. It is located in the city centre. Its price range is not children friendly. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop located near the city centre. It is not kids friendly and is not family - friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a highly rated coffee shop that provides Chinese food. It has a high customer rating of £ 20 - 25. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Italian food in the riverside. It is not kid friendly. It has a high customer rating of 20 - friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a mid priced coffee shop in riverside area. They are not family - friendly and are located near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the riverside area near All Bar One. It is located in the city centre. It is not kid friendly and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating. 

 The Mill is an English coffee shop that is not family - friendly. It serves English food in the riverside area. 

 Green Man is not family friendly, near the riverside area, but has a high price range of 3 out of 5. 

 The Phoenix, French food French food, is located in the riverside area. 

 Giraffe is a child friendly restaurant located in the riverside area. It has a price range of the riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a high priced pub in the city centre near Café Brazil in the city centre area. 

 The Vaults is a child friendly pub in the riverside. It is child friendly atmosphere. It is located near Café Rouge. 

 There is a family - friendly coffee shop called The Vaults that serves Italian food in the city centre. It has a low customer rating. 

 The Punter is a high priced coffee shop providing Indian food. It has a high customer rating, not child friendly and is located in riverside near the riverside. 

 In the city centre near the city centre area is a coffee shop with a moderate price range. It is not child friendly. 

 The Mill is a cheap coffee shop that offers fast food in the city centre and has a customer rating of the city centre near the city centre area near Café Sicilia 

 The Plough is an adult friendly coffee shop near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre. They are not family friendly and have a price range of less than £ 20. 

 The Cricketers is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop serving Indian food, with a rating of 5 out of 5. 

 There is a family friendly pub in the Riverside area, The Mill, average price range, high priced, and serves fast food. 

 The Punter is a children friendly coffee shop that offers English food for £ 20 - 25. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the riverside area near Raja Indian food. It is near the riverside. 

 The Waterman is a pub with a high customer rating. 

 There is a Indian coffee shop called Wildwood in the riverside area near the high price range of £ 20 - 25 price range. 

 The Phoenix is a moderately priced Fast food pub in Riverside. It's in the riverside area. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is a family friendly and family friendly. 

 The Phoenix, The Phoenix serves French food at riverside. It is located in riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a children friendly pub near the city centre. It is a pub in the city centre. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop near the riverside area near The Vaults is located near Café Rouge. It has a low customer rating. 

 Located near the riverside near the Café, The Vaults, The Vaults serves Japanese food with a customer rating of £ 20 - 25, is not kid friendly and is not kids friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a Fast food place serving fast food at the city centre with a high price range. It is not a high price range and is located in the city centre. 

 Giraffe is a pub serving French food in riverside. 

 The Punter is an Indian coffee shop that is not family friendly, which offers Indian food. It is located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Mill is a pub located on the river that serves fast food in riverside area. It has a high customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 Blue Spice is a family - friendly Japanese food, that has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. 

 The Waterman, is a high price range Italian pub located in riverside area. 

 The Punter is a cheap coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is located in the riverside area. It is family friendly. 

 The Waterman is a pub in the city centre. It is a family - friendly pub with an average customer rating and it is in the city centre. 

 Blue Spice is a pub located in the city centre with a price range of the city centre. It has a moderate price range. 

 The Mill is a pub that serves fast food and is in the riverside area. It is family friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a French food place in the city centre. It is a French coffee shop with a 5 out of 5. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating of 5. 

 There is a pub in the riverside area, The Phoenix with a moderate price range. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Mill is an average priced pub located on the riverside area near the riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a pub that is located near Café Adriatic that offers an average customer rating and has a high customer rating and is not kid friendly. 

 The Waterman is a moderately priced Indian restaurant in the city centre. They are not kid friendly. It serves Indian food and is not kid friendly. 

 The Vaults is a high priced Japanese pub with a high price range. It is near Café Rouge. 

 The Mill is a pub providing Fast food. It has a moderate price range and a moderate price range in Riverside. 

 The Vaults is a kids friendly restaurant in the riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a coffee shop in the city centre near the city centre. It is not family - friendly and French food in the £ 20. It has a low customer rating. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has a price range of 5 out of 5 customer rating of 5. It is not family friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre near The Phoenix. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Phoenix is a child friendly pub serving French food in the riverside area. It has a customer rating and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. 

 There is a pub named Green Man. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Japanese food in the city centre. It is child friendly, and is near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop near Ranch. It is near Ranch. It has a customer rating. 

 The Phoenix is a pub in the riverside area that is kid friendly. It is near the riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a pub located in the city centre and is a French pub that serves French food in the city centre. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese pub near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is kids friendly, located near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 There is a kid friendly pub called Blue Spice that serves English food. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a child friendly restaurant near All Bar One. They are high price range, it's near All Bar One. It is located near All Bar One. 

 The Mill is a cheap restaurant located near Café Rouge in the riverside area. 

 The Wrestlers is a pub serving Japanese food with a moderate price range in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Phoenix is a cheap cheap coffee shop. It is located on the riverside and is family friendly. 

 The Portland Arms is a cheap Chinese coffee shop that serves cheap, and is not family friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Japanese food in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is located in the Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop. It has a high customer rating of 1 out of 1 out of 5. 

 The Vaults is a high priced pub located near the river. It is children friendly, near the Café Adriatic. 

 The Mill is a cheap fast food pub that is located in the riverside area. It is child friendly. It is located in the riverside area. 

 Located in the riverside area, Wildwood is a family friendly coffee shop that serves French food. 

 The Vaults is a pub with a high price range is a high customer rating and a high price range. It is not kid friendly. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Cricketers is a moderately priced coffee shop serving Chinese food. It is not kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 The Mill is a family friendly coffee shop which is in the riverside area. It has a customer rating of the riverside area. It is cheap fast food. 

 The Punter is a non child friendly coffee shop serving English food that is not kid friendly. 

 A kids friendly coffee shop near Ranch, The Cricketers is kids friendly and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating of 5. 

 The Punter is an Indian coffee shop which is cheap Indian food and cheap Indian food. 

 The Cricketers is a cheap, family friendly restaurant located in the riverside area, near Café Rouge. It's not family - friendly, has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. 

 The Cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop located near All Bar One that serves Italian food at a high price range. It is child friendly environment. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub called The Vaults that is located near the riverside near Café Rouge. 

 The Punter is a child friendly pub located near the Café Sicilia that is The Punter. 

 Located near the All Bar One there is a coffee shop called Wildwood that serves Italian food and it is not child friendly. 

 A family friendly coffee shop near Ranch, The Portland Arms, try The Cricketers, has a 5 out of 5. 

 The Punter is a pub near Café Sicilia, located near Café Sicilia. It is kid friendly and has a price range of less than £ 20. 

 A children friendly, The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. 

 The Mill is a pub with a moderate price range and has a moderate price range. 

 Wildwood pub which offers Italian food in the riverside area is located near the riverside area near Ranch. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves French food. It has a low customer rating. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that offers good. It has a customer rating of 5. 

 The Waterman is a child friendly restaurant in riverside area. It is located on the riverside. It is child friendly. 

 Located in the city centre is a moderately priced coffee shop in the city centre area. They serve fast food. It serves Fast food. 

 The Green Man is a restaurant located near the city centre near the city centre. It is not child friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop located near All Bar One in the riverside area. It is not family friendly. It is near All Bar One and has a high customer rating. 

 The Cricketers is a child friendly pub with a 3 out of 5 customer rating. It has a customer rating of 5. 

 The Phoenix is a high priced family friendly pub in Riverside area, located in the riverside area, has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. 

 The Phoenix is a family - friendly pub in the city centre. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Waterman is a family friendly Indian food, located in riverside area. It serves Indian food. 

 Near Ranch is a family friendly coffee shop called The Portland Arms. It is family friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a family friendly pub near the river that serves French food. It is family - friendly and is located on the river. 

 The Waterman is a pub in the city centre near the city centre. 

 Giraffe is a Fast food restaurant that is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly pub near Ranch. 

 In the riverside area near The Phoenix is The Phoenix. It is a restaurant. 

 The Cricketers is a moderately priced, located near All Bar One, near All Bar One. It is located near All Bar One. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese pub that is not family friendly and is not child friendly. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Punter is a low priced coffee shop providing Indian food located in the city centre near the city centre area. It is not family friendly. 

 The Vaults, there is a coffee shop that is a family friendly. It is in the city centre. It is family friendly and is family - friendly. 

 There is a pub called Green Man. It has a high price range. It is located near the riverside area near the riverside area near the All Bar One. 

 The Waterman is a pub located on the riverside, it is not kids friendly and serves Italian food. 

 The Phoenix serves Fast food and has a high customer rating and located in the city centre. It is not children friendly. 

 In the Green Man is a pub that provides Japanese food and located in the city centre. 

 The Punter is a pub in the city centre near Café Sicilia. It serves Chinese food and a moderate price range. 

 Blue Spice is a coffee shop that serves cheap. 

 There is a pub called Zizzi that serves Chinese food. 

 The Phoenix is a highly rated French restaurant that offers French food. It is located in riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a French coffee shop in the riverside area. It is located near the river side area and is a family friendly and it is more than £ 30. 

 Cocum is a low priced coffee shop that has a low customer rating. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop near Ranch and serves low customer rating. 

 The Vaults is a pub located near the city centre near the city centre with a moderate price range. They serve Italian food. 

 The Waterman is a moderately priced Indian restaurant located in riverside. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop near the city centre. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Italian coffee shop with moderate price range. It is family friendly and is located in the city centre. 

 The Giraffe is a French restaurant located in riverside. 

 In riverside area there is a Japanese coffee shop called The Wrestlers that serves Japanese food and has a customer rating of 3 out of 3 out of 5. 

 Cocum is a coffee shop with a high customer rating of 1 out of 5 and has a customer rating of 5. 

 The Vaults is a restaurant providing Indian food in the city centre. It is not family friendly. It is not family - friendly. 

 Wildwood is a family - friendly pub that serves French food. It has a low customer rating and has a low customer rating. 

 The Waterman is a high priced Italian pub in the riverside area. 

 Blue Spice is a kid friendly venue called Blue Spice. It has a low customer rating. 

 The Mill is a coffee shop in the riverside area. It serves Fast food in the riverside area near the riverside area. It is not family friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a pub that is not family friendly and has a price range of less than £ 20 pounds. 

 Blue Spice is a kid friendly pub located in the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia with an average customer rating. 

 The Mill is a pub that has an average customer rating, it's located in the city centre and has an average customer rating. 

 The Phoenix is a pub in riverside area. It is a high price range of £ 20 - 25. 

 The Cricketers is a one star restaurant that serves Italian food. It is not child friendly. 

 The Phoenix offers fast food in riverside area. It is in the riverside area. 

 The Vaults is an Italian pub in the riverside area near the riverside area near the Café Sicilia. It is not kids friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a children friendly Japanese pub with a high price range of more than £ 30 pounds. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 customer rating of 5. It is located near the Express by Holiday Inn. It is not family friendly and is not family friendly. 

 The Waterman is a pub in the city centre near the city centre. It is kids friendly, and a children friendly. 

 The Mill is a pub that serves English food and is not family - friendly. It is not family friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a high price range is a high priced restaurant near the Ranch. 

 The Cricketers is a moderately priced Chinese restaurant located near All Bar One with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and a customer rating of 5. 

 The Vaults is a child friendly Indian food restaurant that serves Indian food. It is in the city centre. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Vaults is a pub near Café Rouge in the city centre. It is not kids friendly, near Café Rouge. 

 The Mill is a coffee shop that serves English food at a price range of less than £ 20. It is located in the city centre near the city centre. 

 Green Man is a pub that provides Chinese food in riverside. It is located in the riverside area. 

 There is a pub in the city centre area called The Phoenix, near the city centre area near the city centre area. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. 

 Strada is a 1 out of 5. It is a child friendly restaurant near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. 

 Located in the Raja Indian Cuisine, The Wrestlers coffee shop, The Wrestlers, near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 Green Man is a family friendly pub that offers Italian food. It is family friendly. 

 There is a pub named Wildwood that serves Indian food. It is located in the riverside area near The pub. 

 The Vaults is a restaurant with a price range of more than £ 30 and is not child friendly. 

 The Mill is a cheap pub located by the riverside area near Café Rouge. It serves fast food. 

 The Wrestlers is a coffee shop in the riverside area. It is child friendly establishment that is near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 Green Man is a family friendly Japanese restaurant in the riverside area near All Bar One. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub with a low rating. It is near the riverside near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. 

 The Phoenix is a family friendly French coffee shop located in riverside area. It serves French food. 

 Loch Fyne is a Indian restaurant that is located in the riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop providing French food in the city centre. It is not children friendly. It is located in the city centre near the city centre. 

 The Wrestlers is a pub that serves Japanese food and is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine in city centre. 

 There is a family friendly Italian restaurant called Wildwood that serves Italian food. 

 The Phoenix is a pub located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside area. It has a low customer rating. 

 The Mill is a high priced pub that is child friendly. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a pub in the riverside area with a high price range of more than £ 30 and is children friendly. 

 The Mill is a pub located in the riverside area. The Mill. 

 Giraffe is a fast food pub in the riverside area. It is not family friendly. 

 Cotto is a cheap place near The Portland Arms. 

 The Mill is a pub serving English food in the city centre. It is not family friendly. 

 There is a family friendly restaurant called The Cricketers near Ranch and is family friendly. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop in the high priced, which serves Italian food. It has an average customer rating and is children friendly atmosphere. 

 The Plough is a pub near the riverside, near Café Rouge. It's not kid friendly and is not children friendly. 

 Clowns is a pub located near the riverside. 

 The pub called Wildwood is high priced Indian pub which provides Indian food. 

 Blue Spice is a pub that provides Chinese food in the city centre. It is located in the city centre. 

 Green Man is a pub that serves Japanese food. It is located in riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a kid friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 in the city centre. It has a customer rating of 5. 

 The Cricketers is a non family - family friendly restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre near All Bar One. It is not family friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop that has an average customer rating and is child friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a highly rated Indian coffee shop in the city centre near the city centre with a high customer rating. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Indian food. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced coffee shop that offers food at moderate price. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Plough is a family friendly pub near Café Rouge that serves Chinese food in the price range. It is located near Café Rouge. 

 The Vaults is a kid friendly pub with a high price range and is located near to Café Brazil in the riverside area. 

 Green Man is a family friendly pub near All Bar One in the riverside area near All Bar One. 

 The Mill is a pub that offers fast food with a high price range, but it is located near Café Rouge and the city centre. 

 The Plough is a cheap pub that provides Chinese food in Riverside near the city centre near Café Rouge. 

 The Giraffe is a fast food restaurant that is child friendly and has a price range of more than £ 30. 

 The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop providing Indian food. It is located near the Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. It has a low customer rating. 

 The Cricketers is a child friendly restaurant near Ranch. It is near Ranch. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 The Phoenix is a French food restaurant in Riverside area. It is not child friendly. It is not kid friendly and is located in the riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a pub that provides fast food in Riverside. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Wrestlers is a pub located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is a price range is child friendly coffee shop that has a low customer rating. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop in the city centre. It is not family - friendly and it is not family friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop with a low customer rating. 

 Giraffe is a pub that provides fast food 

 The Cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop serving English food with a high customer rating of 20 - 25 and has a customer rating. 

 The Phoenix is a child friendly restaurant located in Riverside. It is located near The Phoenix. 

 The Vaults is a moderate price coffee shop serving Italian food near the river. They are a 3 out of 5 and a moderate price range and is kid friendly. 

 The Punter is an average rated coffee shop serving Italian food in the city centre near Café Sicilia and family friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a kids friendly restaurant in Riverside, with a price range of £ 20 - 25. 

 The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near Café Sicilia. It has a customer rating of average customer rating of average. 

 The Phoenix is a high - friendly pub serving fast food in the city centre with a high customer rating and has high customer rating. 

 The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop with a moderate price range. It is located near The Portland Arms. 

 The Wrestlers is a child friendly coffee shop serving Japanese food at a low customer rating. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre. 

 There is a 1 out of 5 and serves high price range. It is near All Bar One and it is located near All Bar One. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves moderately priced and has a moderate price range. 

 The Phoenix is a high - friendly pub with a high customer rating, but serves fast food in the riverside area. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, with a 1 out of 5 customer rating of 5. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Punter is a highly rated coffee shop in the riverside area. It is not child friendly. It is located near to Café Sicilia and is located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Vaults is an Italian pub in the city centre near the price range. It is a pub near Café, near the city center and is not child friendly. 

 Near Ranch is a kids friendly coffee shop called The Portland Arms. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 The Cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop located in the city centre, near All Bar One and serves moderately priced. 

 Green Man is a children friendly restaurant located in the riverside area. They are welcome. 

 The Vaults is a moderately priced coffee shop in the riverside area near the riverside area. It is a kid friendly environment and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 Wildwood pub is a pub serving French food in the Riverside. 

 The Cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop located near All Bar One in the city centre near All Bar One. The Portland Arms. 

 The Green Man is a pub located near All Bar One and serves pub. 

 The Mill is a pub with high customer rating. It is located in the riverside area and the Riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly restaurant near All Bar One. It is a family friendly restaurant located near All Bar One and is family friendly environment. 

 The Cricketers coffee shop is a child - friendly coffee shop with a high customer rating. It is located near Café Rouge. It is located near Café Rouge. 

 The Vaults is a pub that provides Italian food in the price range less than £ 20. It is located in the city centre. It is low and has a low customer rating. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop. It is located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Punter is a low priced Indian coffee shop located near the riverside near Express by Holiday Inn. It is not family friendly. 

 Green Man is a sushi restaurant located near the river. It has a moderate price range. 

 The Phoenix is a cheap Indian coffee shop with an average customer rating of 5 out of 5, with a customer rating of 5. 

 The Vaults is a pub, kids friendly pub with a price range of 3 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a Fast food restaurant that is located in the riverside area. It is not kid friendly. It has a customer rating of riverside area. 

 The Phoenix, located in the riverside area. They serve Fast food, is a high price range of more than £ 30 and not children friendly. 

 The Mill is a highly rated Italian food restaurant with high price range. It is not children friendly. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese food restaurant in the riverside area. It has a price range of more than £ 30. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Blue Spice is a child friendly pub which serves English food in the city centre. It has a moderate price range. 

 The Cricketers is an Indian coffee shop with an average customer rating. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not children friendly and is near The Portland Arms. 

 Blue Spice is an English pub with a high customer rating. 

 The Phoenix is a fast food pub located in riverside area. It is not kid friendly. 

 A children friendly restaurant The Waterman in Riverside. 

 In the city centre is a cheap coffee shop that serves cheap price range less than £ 20. It is located in the city centre near The Sorrento. 

 The Punter, an Italian coffee shop, moderately priced Italian food in the price range of £ 20 - 25. It is not kid friendly and is located near Café Sicilia. 

 There is a low - friendly pub named The Vaults with a low customer rating that is not family friendly. 

 There is a child friendly coffee shop called The Phoenix. It has a high customer rating of 3 out of 5 

 Clowns is a coffee shop that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is located in the city centre. 

 Near All Bar One in the riverside area, is a child friendly pub called Green Man. It is kid friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop near Ranch. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 Located in the city centre near the city centre, The Waterman is a pub which serves Indian food and serves Indian food and is child friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop with an average customer rating and is in the city centre. It is child friendly and has an average customer rating. 

 There is a family friendly, is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food in the city centre near The Vaults. It has a price range of less than £ 20 and is less than £ 20. 

 The Mill is a fast food restaurant located at the riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a cheap Indian restaurant with a 5 out of 5 customer rating. It is located in the city centre of 5. 

 Giraffe is a family friendly Fast food restaurant that offers fast food. 

 The Waterman is a high priced, located on the riverside area. 

 Located in riverside area, Wildwood is a pub that serves Indian food. 

 Giraffe is a family friendly coffee shop that is kid friendly and is located near All Bar One. 

 The Waterman is a non family friendly coffee shop that offers Indian food in the city centre with a price range. 

 Blue Spice is a family - friendly pub that is located in the city centre. 

 The pub is a pub called Wildwood located near the Wildwood. It is located near the city centre. 

 Giraffe is a fast food place located near the riverside area. It's suitable for kids friendly and serves fast food. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop that is a highly rated restaurant with a high customer rating. It is not child friendly. It is located near Café Sicilia. 

 There is a fast food coffee shop named Giraffe that is kid friendly. 

 Cocum has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 The Waterman is a family friendly, cheap Italian pub in riverside area. 

 Giraffe is a fast food pub located in the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop near Ranch. It has a high customer rating of 1 out of 5 customer rating. It is near Ranch. 

 The Cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop serving coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. 

 The Plough is a family friendly restaurant in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. It has a high price range is not child friendly and is located near the Express by Holiday Inn. 

 The Waterman is a pub in riverside area, but it is not kid friendly pub in riverside. 

 The Mill is a pub serving English food. It is located in riverside. It is located in the riverside area near riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a family - friendly coffee shop located near the river. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 5. 

 The Phoenix is a moderately priced pub that is located on the river side. It has a moderate price range and it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 out of 5. 

 In the city centre, the Giraffe is not child friendly. It has a customer rating of the city centre. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Ranch. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It has a customer rating of 5 and is near Café Rouge. 

 The Waterman is an Italian restaurant in the city centre. It is not kid friendly and is not child friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a pub in the city centre with a moderate price range and is not kid friendly environment. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop. It is located near the Ranch. It is a family friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. 

 The Wrestlers is a family - friendly pub located in the city centre. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is a 5. 

 Near Crowne Plaza Hotel is a family friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel called The Portland Arms. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly restaurant near the cheap price range of 5 out of 5, with a 5 customer rating of 5. It is located near Café Rouge. 

 The Punter, is a family friendly restaurant in the city centre. It is a family friendly restaurant. 

 The Phoenix is a children friendly, located in the riverside area. It is a family friendly Fast food venue that is called The Phoenix. 

 The Punter is a kids friendly Indian food restaurant serving Indian food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located near the Express by Holiday Inn. 

 The Mill is a kids friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area. 

 The Wrestlers is a coffee shop with a price range more than £ 30 and a 5 out of 5 customer rating. It is located near Café Brazil. 

 The Waterman is a non family - friendly Indian restaurant with a moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located in the city centre and a non child friendly atmosphere. It is not children friendly. 

 The Mill is a kid friendly pub in the riverside area. It is a high price range and is in the riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop in the riverside area, which is not kid friendly. It is near Café Rouge. 

 Located in the riverside area there is a child friendly coffee shop called The Dumpling Tree. 

 The Vaults is a pub that serves Indian food in the high price range. It is not child friendly. 

 The Mill is a pub serving fast food that is located in the city centre near Café Sicilia. It is located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop that serves French food. It is not family - friendly. It is not family friendly. 

 The Plough is a pub serving Chinese food in the city centre with a price range of less than £ 20. It is not family friendly. 

 There is a family friendly Indian pub called Wildwood that is rated Indian food. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub with a moderate price range and is in the city centre. It is located near the city centre near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop that is a family friendly with a family friendly pub in the riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a pub in Riverside area near the riverside area. It is not children friendly and is located in Riverside area near the riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a pub located near Café Rouge in the riverside area. It is not child friendly, with a moderate price range. 

 There is an English restaurant called The Punter near The Punter located near Café Sicilia. 

 Giraffe is a family friendly restaurant located near the riverside area near the Giraffe. 

 The Punter is a family friendly pub that is cheap, located near Café Sicilia. It has a cheap price range. 

 The Punter, The Punter is a moderately priced coffee shop. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a high - friendly restaurant near All Bar One that is a high price range and is located near All Bar One. 

 The Phoenix is a moderately priced fast food restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly pub that is children friendly with a price range of more than £ 30. It is located near The Wrestlers. 

 Clowns is a pub with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. 

 The Phoenix is a high priced fast food coffee shop in Riverside. It is located near to the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop near Café Rouge with a high customer rating of the Ranch. It is near Café Rouge. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the city centre. It has a moderate price range. 

 Blue Spice provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is not kids friendly and is not kids friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese coffee shop that is not child friendly. It is located in the city centre and has a price range of more than £ 30. 

 For a cheap pub, visit to go to eat the Travellers Rest Beefeater. 

 The Waterman is a pub near the riverside area near the riverside area and is a pub with a high customer rating. 

 The Waterman pub is a pub in the city centre near the city centre. It's not child friendly. It has a moderate price range. 

 Blue Spice is not kid friendly with a moderate price range of the riverside area. 

 Green Man is a pub which is child friendly. It is located in the riverside near All Bar One. 

 Wildwood pub serves English food. It is located in riverside. 

 The Vaults is a child friendly coffee shop that is located near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is located near the riverside. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop near the Ranch with a 3 out of 5 customer rating of 5. 

 There is a French food near the Green Man near All Bar One that is kids - friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a moderately priced Fast food restaurant in the riverside area. 

 The Mill is a family - friendly restaurant that offers meals at less than £ 20. 

 In the Green Man is a pub that serves Italian food in the riverside area. 

 Blue Spice is a kids friendly Chinese restaurant that serves Chinese food in the high price range. 

 Giraffe is a fast food restaurant that is not family - friendly and is not family friendly. 

 Strada is a 1 out of 5 rated 1 out of 5. 

 Green Man is a child friendly place named Green Man and is located on the riverside. 

 The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that is a low priced sushi. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a coffee shop with a high customer rating with a high customer rating of £ 20 - 25. It is located in the city centre and has a price range of £ 20 - 25 price range between £ 20 - 25. 

 The Vaults is a cheap restaurant that has a price range less than £ 20. It is family friendly. It is located in the riverside. 

 The Wrestlers is a family - friendly pub in the city centre. It is family friendly environment. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced Indian coffee shop serving English food with a moderate price range. It is not kids friendly. 

 The Vaults is a pub in the riverside area near Café Brazil, however serves Japanese food. It is a price range. It is not kid friendly and is not kids friendly. 

 Giraffe is a pub that is not family friendly and it has a high price range. 

 Located near the riverside is The Waterman, family friendly establishment that is family friendly and is not family friendly. 

 Green Man is a family friendly restaurant that is located in the city centre near the city centre. 

 The Waterman, is a non family - friendly coffee shop in the riverside area. 

 The Mill is a high priced place near the city centre. It's not child friendly. It has a high customer rating. 

 The Cricketers coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, has a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese pub in the city centre and a Japanese food. It 't children friendly atmosphere and is family friendly atmosphere. 

 The Vaults is a pub located in the city centre, and a high price range. It has a high customer rating and is not kids friendly. 

 Giraffe is a great pub that serves English food. 

 Blue Spice serves English food in the riverside area of riverside area is located in riverside area near Avalon. 

 For a children friendly Indian food at The Wrestlers that serves Indian food. 

 The Vaults is a cheap coffee shop that is not family - friendly and a cheap. 

 The Waterman is a moderately priced Indian food place that is kids friendly. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Vaults is a moderately priced, child friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia. 

 Near Ranch, The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Japanese food. It is near Ranch. 

 The Mill is a high priced fast food pub called The Mill, with a high customer rating and is located on the riverside. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly pub near Ranch. It is family friendly. 

 The Mill is a child friendly place that serves English food. It is located in the riverside area near the riverside area near The Sorrento. 

 The Wrestlers coffee shop, is a moderately priced, not kid friendly, located near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 Green Man is a family friendly, serves Italian food with a moderate price range. It is located in riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a coffee shop in the city centre. It is not kid friendly, but it is not child friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a family friendly French pub located in the city centre. It is less than £ 20, near the city centre near the city centre. 

 The Punter is a cheap pub with a cheap price range. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop that offers Japanese food. It has a low customer rating and is near Ranch. 

 The Phoenix is a family friendly restaurant in Riverside near the riverside area near the Riverside area. 

 A pub, in the city centre near Avalon, there is not family - friendly. It serves English food. 

 The Waterman is a cheap Indian restaurant located in the riverside area. It is not family friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a non family friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating. It is not family - friendly. They have an average customer rating. It has a high customer rating. 

 The Plough is a children friendly restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. 

 There is a child friendly Japanese coffee shop called The Wrestlers. It is in the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine 

 A coffee shop called Wildwood is an Indian food in the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop with an average customer rating. It is not family - friendly. It is located near the Ranch. 

 The Mill is a moderate priced pub serving fast food at The Mill. 

 The Mill is a family friendly pub located near the riverside area with an average customer rating. 

 The Mill is a family friendly coffee shop near The Mill is located near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Waterman is a kid friendly Indian pub that serves Indian food in the city centre. It has a customer rating of £ 20 - 25. 

 The Mill, in riverside area, The Mill is a pub that offers fast food at the riverside area near to The Mill. 

 The Phoenix is a moderately priced restaurant that is located in the city centre. They have a moderate price range. 

 The Waterman is a coffee shop that is located in riverside area near the riverside area. 

 In the city centre near Café Sicilia is a pub called The Vaults and it is not family - friendly. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves cheap, and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. 

 The Phoenix is a high - priced coffee shop located in the city centre. 

 There is a pub called The Wrestlers located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine 

 The Vaults serves Indian food and is a high price range. It is not kid friendly. It is in the city centre. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly coffee shop in riverside near Café Sicilia that is The Vaults. It is near Café Sicilia. It is child friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a children friendly restaurant with a high customer rating of £ 20 - 25, and a high customer rating and is not child friendly. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly Japanese food pub in the city centre near the city centre. It is a family - friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a French coffee shop in the riverside area and wine and average price range. It has a high price range of 3 out of 5. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop with cheap prices and is located near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced pub near The Mill. It's located near the river. 

 Blue Spice is a pub that is not family friendly. It has a price range of £ 20 - friendly. 

 There is a coffee shop named Wildwood that is located near the city centre near Ranch. 

 The Vaults is a kid friendly coffee shop near the riverside area, and moderately priced Italian food. 

 In the riverside area of the riverside area, there is a pub named The Olive Grove. 

 The Vaults is a children friendly pub that serves French food. It is located in Riverside. 

 Blue Spice is a restaurant that is not family - friendly. It is not kid friendly. 

 The Mill is a pub that serves fast food in the city centre. It is family friendly with a high customer rating. 

 The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving Italian food and has a low customer rating. It is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Waterman pub in the riverside area. They have a moderate price range and in the riverside area, is not kid friendly. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop with a moderate price range, it is not kids friendly. It is moderately priced and is not kid friendly. 

 The Mill is a pub serving fast food with an average customer rating and is not kid friendly. It is located near Café Rouge. 

 Giraffe is a family friendly restaurant called Giraffe. It is child friendly and has a customer rating of the riverside. 

 The Phoenix is a moderately priced, it is a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is a riverside establishment. It's a 1 out of 5. 

 There is a family friendly coffee shop called The Cricketers that is family friendly with a low customer rating. 

 The Mill is a low priced restaurant that is not family - friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a child friendly pub which serves fast food and has a high customer rating. It is in the high price range. 

 There is a pub in the riverside area that serves Fast food near to the riverside area near the riverside area called The Phoenix. It's not child friendly. 

 The Punter is a moderately priced pub located near Café Sicilia. It is not kid friendly and is located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Punter is a child friendly pub located near Café Sicilia with a high price range of more than £ 30. It is near Café Sicilia. 

 The Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop with a customer rating of less than £ 20. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is kid friendly and has an average customer rating. 

 Blue Spice is a family friendly English food with a price range of less than £ 20. 

 The Mill is a coffee shop in the moderate price range. It is moderately priced and is kid friendly. 

 Green Man is a family friendly restaurant near the riverside near All Bar One. 

 The Punter is a pub that serves English food in the city centre near Café Sicilia. It serves English food in the city centre. 

 There is a child friendly coffee shop called The Portland Arms with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. 

 The Phoenix is a moderately priced French pub located in the city centre area, not family - friendly and the city centre. It is not kids friendly. 

 The Vaults, The Vaults, is a pub which serves French food. It is children friendly and is located in the riverside area. 

 There is a cheap family - friendly restaurant near Café Rouge in the city centre near Café Rouge called The Portland Arms, with an average rating. 

 The Phoenix serves fast food in the city centre. It is rated 5 out of 5. It is a child friendly and a high customer rating and has a customer rating of 5. 

 The Blue Spice is a pub located in the riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a pub near the pub located in the city center and is moderate price range. 

 A pub near Ranch is a kid friendly pub named Wildwood. 

 The Phoenix is a French food pub located near the riverside area. It is not a French cuisine and a customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 The Waterman is a pub that provides Italian food in Riverside. It is located in Riverside. 

 The Vaults is a moderately priced pub located near the riverside near the riverside area. 

 The Mill is a pub in the city centre that provides Indian food in the city centre area. 

 The Mill is a pub near the riverside. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine 

 The Phoenix is a French restaurant located in the city centre. It has a price range of less than £ 20 and is family - friendly. 

 There is a kid friendly coffee shop near the name of the riverside near Ranch. 

 Blue Spice is a pub in the city centre near the city centre near thee Plaza Hotel. 

 There is a family - friendly coffee shop called The Vaults in the city centre. It has a low customer rating and serves Italian food. It has a low customer rating. 

 The Mill is a highly priced, the city centre. It has a high customer rating, not child friendly. 

 The Mill is a pub which offers fast food pub in the city centre that is not family - friendly. 

 Near All Bar One, The Cricketers is a family - friendly coffee shop near All Bar One. It has a low customer rating, and has a price range of less than £ 20. 

 The Wrestlers is a kids friendly Italian restaurant that offers Italian food. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Mill is a pub which is a cheap pub located near Café Rouge. 

 The Mill is an English coffee shop located in the riverside area. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Plough is a cheap family friendly restaurant near The Plough. 

 The Mill is a coffee shop located near Café Sicilia with an average customer rating and is located in the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly pub near Ranch. It is located near Ranch. 

 The Phoenix serves French food at The Phoenix, located in the city centre, has a low customer rating and is not children friendly. 

 Green Man is not kid friendly and is not kid friendly. 

 Green Man is a pub serving Italian food at the riverside. It has a family friendly environment. 

 There is a kid friendly coffee shop called The Portland Arms that is rated 1 out of 5. 

 The Wrestlers is a low priced coffee shop that is not family - friendly and a pub that is not family friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly restaurant that is located near Ranch. It is low. 

 The Mill is a pub that serves English food in the riverside area near the riverside area. It is The Sorrento 

 The Phoenix is a French coffee shop that serves French food. They have a high price range and are located in the city centre. 

 Loch Fyne is a restaurant that is a restaurant. 

 Blue Spice is a kid friendly venue in riverside area with a customer rating of the riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub located near Café Rouge in the riverside area, and has a high price range of 3 out of 5. 

 The Portland Arms is an adult only Japanese restaurant in the city centre. It has a low customer rating and it is not family - friendly. 

 Blue Spice serves Chinese food and is a Chinese food in the moderate price range. 

 The Wildwood is a family friendly pub located in the riverside. 

 The Mill is a low priced restaurant in the riverside area. It has a low customer rating. 

 The Mill is a cheap fast food pub which offers fast food and is not family friendly. 

 There is a pub named Green Man serving Japanese food in the riverside area near the riverside area. It has a family friendly environment. 

 The Waterman serves Indian food in the city centre near The Waterman. It is not family - friendly and serves Indian food and is located in the city centre. 

 Blue Spice is a pub providing English food in the city centre. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Punter, a coffee shop, offers Indian food with a moderate price range. It is not kid friendly and a customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 The Vaults is a Japanese restaurant in riverside area. It is kid friendly, near the riverside area. 

 The Wrestlers, located in the city centre, The Wrestlers is not kid friendly. It has a moderate price range and is not kid friendly and has a customer rating of less than £ 20 price range. 

 The Mill is a kid friendly restaurant with a moderate price range. It is moderate price range. It is located near the riverside area. 

 The Punter is a pub near Café Sicilia that serves English food. It is child friendly. 

 The Vaults is a pub located near the river. The Vaults is not family friendly. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Café Brazil. 

 The Cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located near Ranch. 

 The Waterman is a family friendly Italian restaurant located in riverside area. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a pub in the riverside area near Café Brazil, that serves French food. 

 There is a fast food restaurant in the city centre that is not children friendly. It has a high price range. 

 The Punter is not a pub serving English food in the city centre. 

 Giraffe is a family friendly fast food restaurant located in riverside area near the riverside area. 

 Giraffe is a fast food place called Giraffe. It has a 1 out of 5 rating and is not children friendly. 

 In Riverside there is a family friendly Italian restaurant called Green Man. It is kid friendly. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly coffee shop with a price range of less than £ 20 price range of less than £ 20. 

 There is a children friendly French coffee shop called The Phoenix that serves French food. It is located in riverside near the riverside area and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. 

 The Vaults, near the best expensive Italian pub in the city centre near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has an average customer rating. 

 The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop serving Japanese food with a low customer rating of 5 and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 

 The Cricketers is a kid friendly restaurant that serves Chinese food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is near All Bar One. 

 Cocum has a low customer rating. It is a low customer rating. 

 The Phoenix is a French pub located in the city centre. It is not family - friendly and is not child - friendly and has a 5 customer rating of 5 out of 5 out of 5. 

 The Wrestlers is a child friendly pub in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Wrestlers is a child friendly pub which is located in the riverside area. It is located by the riverside area and its customer rating. 

 The Mill is a family friendly pub located in the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a kid friendly restaurant with a moderate price range and the customer rating of 3 out of 5. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves French food. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. 

 The Mill is a cheap fast food coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It is in the city centre. 

 The Mill is a family - friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area. The Sorrento. The Sorrento. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly pub serving Japanese food. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 There is a children friendly coffee shop named Giraffe in the riverside area, which is kid friendly. 

 There is a kid friendly coffee shop called The Cricketers that offers Indian food near Ranch. It is located near Ranch. 

 Giraffe is a kid friendly fast food restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is near the Riverside. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese coffee shop that has Japanese food at a low customer rating. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Plough is a child friendly, located near the Express by Holiday Inn. It is a restaurant with high price range. 

 The Phoenix is an average rated Italian restaurant located in the city centre, and have an average customer rating. 

 The Phoenix is a coffee shop serving French food in the city centre near the city centre. It has a low customer rating and is not family - friendly. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub in the city centre near the city centre near the customer rating, The Vaults. 

 The Portland Arms is a cheap coffee shop serving English food. It is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It has an average customer rating and is not family - friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Indian food. It is located near Ranch. 

 Blue Spice is a pub in the riverside area that offers Chinese food with a high price range. 

 The Cricketers is a highly rated coffee shop near Ranch that is family friendly. It has a high customer rating. 

 Green Man is a family friendly restaurant near the river. It is kid friendly and is near the riverside. 

 Clowns is a restaurant with a customer rating of 5. It is located near Clare Hall. 

 The Vaults is a child friendly restaurant near Café Brazil. It is located near Café Rouge. 

 The Punter is a high priced Indian coffee shop located near the city centre. It is not child friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 Located near Café Rouge in the riverside area near Café Rouge, The Olive Grove is a pub called Wildwood. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly Japanese food in the riverside area that serves Japanese food and is family friendly. 

 In the city centre, The Waterman is a kid friendly restaurant called The Waterman. 

 The Wrestlers is a moderately priced pub providing Japanese food in the riverside area. 

 Blue Spice is a Chinese pub in the city centre. It has a price range of £ 20 - friendly. 

 Wildwood is a pub near the pub that serves Indian food with a moderate price range. 

 The Punter is a pub located near the Café Sicilia. It has a high price range is not child friendly and has an average customer rating and has a high customer rating. 

 The Phoenix is a pub that provides French food in the city centre. It has a price range of 5 out of 5. It is not child - friendly. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop that is not child friendly and has a price range of more than £ 30. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop. It has an average customer rating and is located near Ranch. 

 Green Man is a child friendly pub near the riverside near the riverside area. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop located in riverside area with a price range of more than £ 30. It is children friendly. 

 The Mill is a pub in the city centre and has a low customer rating. 

 The Waterman is a child friendly Italian restaurant located by the riverside area. 

 Giraffe is a fast food restaurant that is not kid friendly and is not child friendly. 

 The Punter is a moderately priced Indian coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range. It is kid friendly. It is near Café Sicilia. 

 There is a coffee shop that is a coffee shop in the city centre, which serves fast food called The Mill. It has a low customer rating and has a low customer rating. 

 The Phoenix is a family - friendly pub located in the river. It serves French food. It has a price range of £ 20 - 25. 

 The Vaults is a pub that is a low priced pub that offers food and is not family friendly. 

 Green Man is a kid friendly establishment that serves Japanese food. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Phoenix serves French food in the city centre, has a customer rating of 3 out of 5, a customer rating of 5. It is not kid - friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a children friendly restaurant near the Ranch. It has a high customer rating. 

 In riverside area is a high - priced coffee shop called The Phoenix. It serves fast food in the riverside area. 

 The Punter is a moderately priced, family friendly Indian coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It is kid friendly Indian food. 

 The Waterman is a pub near the riverside. It is not family - friendly. It is located near the riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a coffee shop located near the river, and is located in riverside area. It is kid friendly. 

 The Punter is an Italian coffee shop located near the city centre near the city centre. It is not family - friendly. 

 There is a family - friendly coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area near to The Cricketers near Café Rouge. It is called The Portland Arms. 

 The Punter is an Indian restaurant that is an Indian coffee shop located near the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn. 

 The Phoenix is a fast food coffee shop located in Riverside. 

 The Portland Arms, The Cricketers is a Chinese restaurant located near The Portland Arms and is not child friendly. It's near The Portland Arms. 

 The Vaults is a pub located in the city centre. It is not kid friendly. 

 The Plough is an expensive Chinese restaurant in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. It is not child friendly. 

 The Wrestlers coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine, is children friendly. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced, is a pub offering fast food in the riverside area. 

 The Wrestlers is a pub located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre. It is child friendly. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that is a moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Mill is a pub that serves fast food at The Mill has a low customer rating. It is located in the riverside. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub that is family friendly, in riverside. 

 Giraffe is a child friendly pub near the riverside area. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop near the city centre near Café Sicilia. It has an average customer rating and has an average customer rating of average customer rating and is not child friendly. 

 The Waterman is an Italian restaurant that is located in the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a high priced coffee shop that serves expensive. It has an average customer rating and is near the Ranch. 

 The Waterman is a pub located in riverside area. It is a family friendly pub serving Indian food and is located in riverside. 

 The Vaults is a pub that is not a pub located in the city centre. It is not child friendly. 

 Green Man is a family friendly, located near the river near the riverside area near All Bar One. 

 Cocum is a low priced restaurant. 

 Near The Cricketers is a coffee shop near Ranch, located near Ranch. It's child friendly. 

 Near the Green Man is a child friendly environment, near All Bar One. It is located near All Bar One. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop that provides Indian food in the high price range. It is located near Café Sicilia. It has an average customer rating. 

 The Vaults is a pub near the city centre near the high customer rating and a high price range of more than £ 30 pounds. It is a high. It is not child friendly, and is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. 

 The Punter is a high priced coffee shop that offers Indian food with a high customer rating. 

 The Mill is a coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre. It is not family - friendly. 

 Giraffe is a children friendly pub located in the riverside area. 

 Strada is a pub with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located near the Yippee Noodle Bar. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub that provides inexpensive food. It is located on the riverside. 

 The Waterman is a high priced Italian pub with a high price range. It is located in riverside area. 

 The Mill is a low - friendly pub in the riverside area. It is located near Café Rouge. It has a low customer rating. 

 Cocum is a pub that serves sushi. 

 Near All Bar One is a family friendly establishment. It is a child friendly, and has an average customer rating. 

 The Phoenix is a non - family - family - friendly pub in the city centre. It is not family - friendly and it is not family - friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near Ranch. It is a family friendly with a rating of 1 out of 5. 

 The Mill is a coffee shop that serves fast food in the high price range. It is in the riverside area. It is kids friendly and is near Café Rouge. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia in the riverside area near Café Sicilia. 

 There is a cheap, The Cricketers coffee shop near All Bar One, near All Bar One in the Riverside area. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop serving Indian food that serves Indian food. It is not family friendly. It is near the price range of more than £ 30. 

 The Phoenix is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area. It is located in the riverside area. 

 Giraffe is a pub near the city centre near Giraffe, which is not family - friendly and is not family - friendly. 

 Green Man is a pub in the riverside area near the riverside area near the riverside area. It is not children friendly. 

 There is a coffee shop called The Cricketers near Café Sicilia with an average customer rating. It is family friendly and has an average customer rating. 

 The Wrestlers is a family - friendly Japanese coffee shop that serves Japanese food and it is located in the city centre. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is located near Café Sicilia. It is family friendly. It is located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Punter is a restaurant providing English food with a high price range. It is not kid friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a cheap Indian restaurant near the riverside area with a 5 out of 5 customer rating of 5. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Waterman is a family friendly Indian restaurant in the city centre, which serves Indian food. 

 The Waterman is a high priced Indian food Indian food, located in Riverside. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a kid friendly Italian restaurant near All Bar One in the moderate price range. 

 Blue Spice is a child friendly pub that is located in Riverside. 

 The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Italian coffee shop that is near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Punter is an Italian coffee shop located near the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn. The Portland Arms. 

 The Plough is a non family - friendly pub providing Chinese food in the price range. It is located in the centre near The Plough. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly Japanese food pub near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. 

 The Mill is a cheap fast food pub that is located in the city centre. It is located in city centre. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced coffee shop serving English food and has a moderate price range and located in the city centre. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly Japanese coffee shop that offers Japanese food for less than £ 20. It is family friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a family - friendly fast food restaurant with a high price range. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Phoenix is a highly rated, offering fast food restaurant with a high customer rating. It is located in the city centre. It is not kid friendly. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop located near the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn. They are not family friendly. It has a low customer rating is not family - friendly. 

 Near the Café Sicilia is a child friendly Italian restaurant named The Punter. It is The Punter is near Café Sicilia. 

 The Cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop that offers a moderate price range and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is called The Portland Arms. 

 Near the Ranch is a high - friendly coffee shop that has a high customer rating of 3 out of 3 out of 5. 

 Giraffe is a pub that is located in the riverside area. It is not family friendly. 

 The Waterman is a restaurant located in the riverside area. It serves Indian food and is family friendly. 

 Clowns is a coffee shop near the city centre. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. 

 Near Raja Indian Cuisine, the the Green Man. It is a children friendly, near All Bar One. 

 Giraffe is a family - friendly pub that is family friendly. It is kid friendly. 

 Near Café Sicilia called The Cricketers is an average customer rating, and has an average customer rating. 

 Green Man is a kid friendly Italian pub in the riverside area near the riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a cheap Japanese food coffee shop near Café Adriatic in the riverside area. 

 The Punter is a pub serving Chinese food near Café Rouge. It is located near Café Rouge. It is near Café Rouge. 

 Giraffe is a pub that is a high price range with a high customer rating. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced pub that is not kid friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop that is not family - friendly and has a customer rating of average customer rating. 

 There is a pub named Wildwood located in the Riverside. 

 The Mill is a pub serving English food in the riverside area near the riverside area. 

 The Mill, near Café Sicilia, The Mill is a family - friendly pub which is a pub that serves fast food with a low customer rating. 

 Blue Spice is a non family - friendly English food restaurant located in the city centre. 

 The Cricketers is an average rated coffee shop located near Café Rouge. They are near Café Rouge. It serves English food. 

 Blue Spice is a restaurant serving English food in Riverside. It is family friendly. 

 Blue Spice is a restaurant located in the riverside area that is kid friendly environment. 

 The Punter is a pub near Café Sicilia in the Riverside area. It is not family - friendly. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Waterman, located riverside, located at the river, is a cheap Italian pub. 

 The Wrestlers is a pub located in the city centre. It is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating. 

 The Punter is a pub near Café Sicilia located near Café Sicilia that is kid friendly and it has a high customer rating and is located near Café Sicilia. 

 Green Man is a kid friendly Italian pub located in the riverside area near the riverside area. It is Green Man. 

 The Vaults is a kid friendly pub in the riverside area near the riverside area. It is kids friendly. 

 The Waterman is a pub that serves Italian food and is located in the city centre. It is located in city centre. 

 The Vaults is an Italian pub located in the city centre with a high customer rating. It is a high customer rating. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Japanese food. It is in riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Vaults is a pub, located in the city centre near Café Brazil. 

 The Vaults is a moderately priced pub located near the city centre, and offers 1 out of 5. It has a customer rating. 

 Near All Bar One, there is a kid friendly coffee shop called Wildwood. 

 The Cricketers is a restaurant near All Bar One in the city centre. It is a high price range, and is not child friendly restaurant that has a high customer rating. 

 Giraffe is a coffee shop that offers French food. It is not family - friendly. It is located in riverside area. 

 Giraffe is a pub that serves fast food. It is located in the riverside area. It is located in riverside area. 

 In city centre, The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that has a moderate price range. It is not kid friendly. 

 Giraffe is a kids friendly pub near the riverside area. It is kids friendly. 

 The Punter is a moderately priced Indian coffee shop that serves Indian food. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located near Café Sicilia. 

 Green Man is a Japanese food restaurant near the Green Man. It is not kid friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a moderately priced fast food restaurant in the riverside area, it is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. 

 The Cricketers is a pub that serves English food and it is not kid friendly. It is located near the Express by Holiday Inn. 

 The Wrestlers is a pub located in the riverside area. It is child friendly and offers Japanese food. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced Indian restaurant in the riverside area. 

 Near The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It's located near Ranch. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub near the riverside near Café Sicilia. It is called The Vaults. It is a high. 

 The Waterman is an Indian coffee shop that serves Indian food in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 Giraffe pub, near the city centre, Giraffe pub is located in the city centre. 

 The Phoenix serves fast food at a high price range and is located in the riverside area. It is highly rated and is in the riverside area. 

 Located in Riverside, The Waterman is a child friendly pub that provides Indian food. 

 The Cricketers is a kids friendly coffee shop located near All Bar One. It is a high price range and is located near All Bar One. It is near All Bar One. 

 The Phoenix is a pub in the riverside area. They serve French food. It is not family - friendly and are located in the riverside area. 

 The pub in the riverside area near the riverside area near to Wildwood is a pub that serves Indian food. 

 The Punter is a pub near Café Sicilia serving English food in the city centre. It is kid friendly. It is located near Café Sicilia. 

 There is a coffee shop named Wildwood located near the riverside area near the riverside area. It's not kid - friendly. 

 The Portland Arms is an expensive, family - friendly coffee shop located near The Cricketers. It has a high customer rating and has a customer rating. 

 The Waterman is a family friendly pub located near the city centre and offers Italian food. It is family - friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a high customer rating and is a children friendly coffee shop located near All Bar One. It is near All Bar One. 

 There is a Japanese restaurant called The Wrestlers. It is not family friendly. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the less than £ 20. 

 There is a pub called Wildwood which serves Italian food and is located in the riverside area. 

 The Mill is a fast food restaurant in the city centre, it's, but it 't allow a 3 out of 5. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop in the city centre near the city centre near The Vaults and is not family - friendly. 

 The Waterman is a non family - family - friendly coffee shop located in the city centre. It is not child friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It is near Café Sicilia and has an average customer rating. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop that is not family friendly, but is not family friendly. 

 The Mill is a pub in the city centre that is located in the city centre area. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. 

 The Phoenix is a moderately priced French restaurant located in the city centre. It is located in the city centre. It is child - friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly Japanese restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Mill is a low priced restaurant in the city centre. It has a low customer rating. 

 The Cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia that serves Indian food. It has an average customer rating. 

 Blue Spice is a child friendly pub serving English food in the riverside area. 

 There is a 5 - friendly coffee shop named Blue Spice. It is located in the city centre near All Bar One with a moderate price range. 

 Giraffe is a child friendly French coffee shop near the riverside. It is located in riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a highly rated coffee shop located in the riverside. It's by the riverside area. It is kid friendly. 

 There is a high - friendly pub located in riverside area that is called The Waterman that is kid friendly. 

 The Punter is a moderately priced Indian coffee shop located near the river. 

 The Phoenix is a pub in the city centre. It is not family - friendly. It is located in city centre. 

 The Cricketers is a restaurant with a low customer rating. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 Giraffe is a pub that serves fast food. It is family friendly and is in the riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a pub that offers moderately priced Italian food in the city centre. It has a moderate price range of 3 out of 5. 

 The Cricketers is a cheap and has a customer rating and is family friendly atmosphere. It is near All Bar One. 

 The Punter is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves Indian food and is not child friendly. It is located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Vaults is a moderately priced coffee shop with a moderate price range. 

 The Punter is a high priced pub near Café Sicilia. It is located in the riverside area. It is near Café Sicilia and is family friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese restaurant that serves Japanese food in Riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Punter is a family friendly restaurant that serves English food with a price range of £ 20 - 25. 

 The Vaults is a pub providing French food and is located near the city centre. 

 There is a moderately priced coffee shop called The Mill in the riverside area. It is located in the riverside area. 

 Giraffe is a pub serving fast food located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is kid friendly. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop which is kid friendly and is kid friendly. It is near the Café Sicilia. 

 The Vaults is a moderate priced French coffee shop that is kid friendly and a moderate price range. 

 The Mill is a pub that serves English food in riverside area, near the riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a low - friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Mill, in the city centre near Café Sicilia, The Mill is a pub that provides fast food 

 The Wrestlers is a pub located in the city centre. It is not family friendly and is not family friendly and is a moderate price range. 

 Giraffe is a pub near the riverside that serves fast food. 

 The Vaults is a child friendly Italian coffee shop located in the city centre with an average customer rating. 

 The Waterman is a cheap Italian pub that serves Italian food. It is in Riverside area. It is located in riverside. 

 The Cricketers is a family - friendly coffee shop near Ranch. It is located near Ranch with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 out of 5. 

 Located near the riverside area is a moderately priced, The Mill restaurant called The Sorrento. 

 Green Man is a family friendly restaurant, located near the river near All Bar One. It is kids friendly and is kid friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a coffee shop in riverside area. It is not kid friendly. It is located in riverside area. 

 Giraffe is a pub, it is a kid friendly pub with an average customer rating. 

 The Phoenix is a kid - friendly, high priced pub. They are located in the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is an average rated coffee shop with an average customer rating. 

 Cocum is a highly rated restaurant with a high customer rating. 

 The Wrestlers is a child friendly coffee shop that serves Japanese food at a low price range of more than £ 30. It is children friendly and has a high price range. 

 The Wrestlers, kid friendly pub, near Raja Indian Cuisine, is kid friendly. 

 The Vaults is a kid friendly pub located in Riverside near the riverside area near Café Brazil. 

 Green Man is a child friendly Italian restaurant that has Italian food. 

 The Cricketers is a highly rated restaurant that serves English food with a high customer rating and is not kid friendly and is located near All Bar One. 

 The Vaults is a moderately priced Italian pub located near the riverside near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, is a pub, it is kid friendly. 

 A family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia named The Cricketers. It is near Café Sicilia. It has a customer rating is near Café Sicilia. 

 The Punter is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves Italian food in the city centre near the city centre near Café Sicilia. 

 Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves French food and is family friendly. It is located near the river. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop in riverside. It is not family friendly, near Café Rouge. 

 Green Man is a pub that is located near the riverside. It is kids friendly and is located near the Café Rouge. 

 The Mill is a pub located in riverside area. It is a pub. 

 Near Express by Holiday Inn is a highly rated restaurant called The Cricketers. 

 The Vaults is a pub in the city centre that is not family - friendly. It is not child friendly. 

 Blue Spice is a Chinese food restaurant located in the city centre. It has a customer rating of average customer rating. 

 The Vaults is a kid friendly pub in the riverside area, it is moderately priced food. It's kids friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. 

 The Mill is a moderate priced pub offering Indian food with moderate price range. 

 There is a kid friendly Japanese restaurant in Riverside near the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly restaurant near Ranch. It is a family friendly restaurant with a rating of 5. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese pub that is not children friendly and is not child friendly. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Mill is a pub located in Riverside that serves fast food with a moderate price range. It has a moderate price range. 

 The Mill is a pub that serves English food in Riverside area near The Mill. 

 The Phoenix is a pub located in riverside. It is located in the riverside area. 

 Green Man is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Japanese food. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a kids friendly pub near the Ranch. It is kid friendly,. 

 The Waterman is a moderately priced Indian restaurant located on the riverside area. It is located in the riverside. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly Japanese coffee shop in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 Giraffe is a kid friendly restaurant called Giraffe, family friendly and is kid friendly. 

 Blue Spice is a pub in the riverside area with a moderate price range. It is not kid friendly and is not family friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a kids friendly Japanese pub in the city centre that has a moderate price range. 

 Near The Punter is a pub near Café Sicilia. It is a pub that is located near Café Sicilia. 

 In the city centre near The Mill is a pub that serves English food. 

 The Wrestlers is a child friendly pub providing Japanese food. It is located in riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop that is not family - friendly. It is not family friendly and has a price range of less than £ 20. 

 The Mill is a family friendly, a family friendly coffee shop that is located in the city centre. It has a low customer rating. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly pub located near Ranch. It is family friendly and is near Ranch. 

 The Vaults is a moderately priced pub that provides French food. It is near the city centre. It is kid friendly and is located in the city centre near Café Rouge. 

 There is a children friendly restaurant called The Plough located near All Bar One called The Bakers. 

 The Punter is a moderately priced coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It is moderately priced. It is kid friendly. 

 There is a family friendly Japanese food restaurant called Green Man. It is near the riverside area. 

 In the river, there is a moderately priced coffee shop called The Phoenix. 

 The Phoenix is a kid friendly pub that serves French food and is located in the riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a cheap fast food pub located in the riverside area. 

 The Wrestlers is a kid friendly pub with a price range of more than £ 30 and is located near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Wrestlers is a kid friendly Italian restaurant, and is kids friendly and is located in the riverside area. 

 Giraffe is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area. It is kid friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a fast food restaurant in the riverside area. It's located in the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a children friendly, near the Ranch and serves English food. It is located near Café Rouge. 

 The Vaults is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves French food. It is located near The Vaults. 

 The Phoenix, serves fast food pub in riverside area is located in the riverside area and it is children friendly. 

 The Vaults is a cheap family friendly pub in the riverside area, family friendly pub near Café Rouge. 

 The Punter is a kid friendly, near Café Rouge in riverside area near Café Rouge. 

 Cocum is a high priced pub with a high customer rating. 

 The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop located in the Riverside area near Café Sicilia. 

 The Vaults is a low priced Italian coffee shop that provides Italian food. It is not family - friendly and is located in the riverside near the riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop with a high price range. It is not kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly restaurant serving French food. It is located near Ranch. 

 Wildwood is a coffee shop with a customer rating of less than £ 20. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop located near All Bar One. It is near All Bar One in the Ranch. It is near All Bar One. 

 The Wildwood is a pub with a 3 star rating of £ 20 - friendly. 

 The Punter is a low priced coffee shop located near Express by Holiday Inn. It has a low customer rating and has a low customer rating. 

 Green Man is a family friendly and is located near the riverside. 

 There is a cheap restaurant near the city centre near Café Sicilia called The Punter. The Punter is family friendly. 

 The Mill is a coffee shop that is located in the city centre near The Sorrento. 

 The Mill is a kids friendly coffee shop located in the city centre. It is kid friendly and has a moderate price range of £ 20 - 25. 

 The Vaults is a pub in riverside area near Café Rouge. It is kid friendly. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food and has a low customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located near the city centre near All Bar One. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese food place called The Wrestlers. It is located in the riverside area. 

 Near the riverside, there is a family friendly coffee shop called The Vaults. The Vaults. It is a low price range is a family friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly pub that serves Japanese food. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Plough is a non family - friendly restaurant in the less than £ 20. It is not family friendly and is located near All Bar One. 

 The Vaults is a children friendly coffee shop located near the riverside area. It's kid friendly but is child friendly and has a high customer rating. 

 There is a child friendly coffee shop called The Cricketers near The Portland Arms. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and it is located near The Portland Arms. 

 The Mill is a pub serving English food in the riverside. It is high price range. 

 The Mill is a high priced pub that is located in the riverside area that offers a child friendly. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced, near the city centre that offers a moderate price range is moderately priced, that serves English food. 

 Near the Ranch is a child friendly coffee shop called The Portland Arms, it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced coffee shop near Café Rouge in the riverside area, and is child friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a kids friendly coffee shop located near Ranch. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 Green Man is a pub located in the riverside area near the riverside area near All Bar One. 

 Zizzi is a pub. 

 The Waterman is a pub in the riverside area near the riverside area. It is kid friendly pub that has a high customer rating. 

 The Waterman, Indian food in the city centre. It is an Indian pub located in the city centre, serves Indian food and is kid friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a restaurant with a moderate price range and has a customer rating of 5. It is not kid friendly. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 The Vaults is a pub located on the riverside. It is child friendly pub near the riverside area near Café Sicilia. 

 The Phoenix, a French pub located on the riverside. It has a price range of £ 20 - 25 and has a customer rating. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a children friendly, it's a high priced pub located in the riverside area. 

 The Punter is a child friendly restaurant near Café Sicilia, near Café Sicilia. It is located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Vaults, near the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn, is a coffee shop that serves Indian food in the city centre. It's not family friendly. 

 The Mill is a mid - priced fast food pub located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop located near Ranch, has a low customer rating. 

 Zizzi is a pub that offers cheap pub which is also has a customer rating of average customer rating. 

 Green Man is a kid friendly restaurant located near the riverside area near All Bar One. 

 The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Italian coffee shop with moderate price range. 

 Near Raja Indian Cuisine called Wildwood, in the city centre area, is a family - friendly Indian Cuisine. 

 The Wrestlers is a coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside area. It is not family friendly. 

 The Vaults is a cheap Indian food coffee shop that is in riverside. It has an average customer rating. 

 Blue Spice is a kid friendly English food pub located in riverside area. It has a price range of riverside. 

 The Phoenix, is a child - friendly pub with a 5 customer rating of 5 out of 5. 

 Near Ranch, is a coffee shop with a low customer rating. It is family friendly and has a low customer rating. 

 The Mill is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop that serves fast food. 

 The Waterman is a pub in Riverside area that serves Italian food. It has a high customer rating and is child friendly environment. 

 The Phoenix is a French pub located near the river. It has a customer rating. It is child - 25 and has a high customer rating of the riverside area. 

 In the city centre, there is a coffee shop that offers Indian food. It has a price range of more than £ 30. It's called Wildwood. 

 The Phoenix is a high priced coffee shop in the riverside area and has a high customer rating. 

 Giraffe is a family friendly pub that is kid friendly. 

 Located in riverside area, The Waterman is a children friendly restaurant with a high price range. It has a high customer rating and is located in the riverside area. 

 The Mill is a pub with a cheap price range of less than £ 20 price range. It is not family friendly. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop serving Italian food and is not child friendly. It has a 1 out of 5 rating of 5. 

 The Phoenix is a cheap French food restaurant that is located in riverside. It is rated 3 out of 5 customer rating is a 5. 

 The Phoenix is a French pub that serves French food. They are located near the riverside near the riverside area. 

 The Mill is a high priced coffee shop located in riverside area. 

 Cocum is a coffee shop serving Indian food with a high customer rating. 

 The Vaults is a pub near the price range of more than £ 30 and is a pub that is children friendly. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Wrestlers is a pub in the city centre and is a family - friendly place in the center. 

 The Wrestlers is a pub that serves Italian food. It has a moderate price range. 

 The Plough is a restaurant that is a non - family friendly that serves Chinese food, and has an average customer rating and is not kid friendly. 

 The Vaults is a pub in the city centre near Café Adriatic. It is a pub near Café Adriatic. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Punter is a family friendly place that is located near Café Sicilia and is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia. 

 Blue Spice is a family friendly pub which serves English food. It is located in riverside. 

 The Wrestlers is a moderate priced Japanese restaurant. It is kid friendly and is kid friendly. 

 The Green Man serves Japanese food in the city centre. It is not family - friendly. It has a family - friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a highly rated coffee shop serving English food with a high customer rating. It is not child friendly. It is near All Bar One. 

 There is a children friendly coffee shop named Giraffe in riverside area near the riverside area. 

 Green Man is a family friendly Italian pub serving Italian food. It is located near the riverside area near the river. 

 The Mill is a pub that offers cheap pub that provides Indian food in the riverside. It has a price range less than £ 20. 

 There is a coffee shop called The Mill that serves fast food. It is child friendly and has a high price range. It has a high customer rating and has a customer rating. 

 The Phoenix is a riverside coffee shop that has a price range of the riverside area. It has a high customer rating of more than £ 30. 

 The Cricketers is a highly rated family friendly coffee shop that is child friendly. 

 Near the riverside, there is a Japanese pub called Green Man. They serve Japanese food and are not kid friendly. 

 There is a pub that serves English food and it is located in the riverside area, with a price range of less than £ 20. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre near the moderate price range. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly restaurant that is located near Ranch. 

 Near All Bar One is a family - friendly pub with a price range. It is family friendly and is near the riverside area. 

 Blue Spice is a Chinese pub serving Chinese food in the city centre. It is family friendly. It is located in the city centre. 

 Strada pub has a low customer rating. It is a low customer rating. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop serving Italian food in the city centre near Café Sicilia. It is not child friendly. 

 Giraffe is a fast food restaurant that is family friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a mid priced, moderately priced French restaurant near All Bar One. 

 Blue Spice is a kid friendly pub with a high customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 A pub named Wildwood is a pub serving Italian food. It is located in riverside. 

 There is a pub in the city centre named Wildwood that serves Italian food. 

 The Vaults is a family - friendly coffee shop in the city centre. It is located in the city centre. 

 There is a child friendly place called The Mill that is located by the riverside near the riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area. It has a price range of more than 30. It is located in riverside area. 

 The Mill is a kid friendly pub located near the city centre that serves fast food at the city centre. It is near Café Rouge. 

 The Punter is a moderately priced Indian restaurant with a moderate price range. It is located near the Express by Holiday Inn. 

 In the city centre, there is a moderately priced Indian pub called The Waterman. It is not kids friendly. 

 The Mill is a coffee shop near the riverside, is not family friendly. It is not family - friendly and is located near the riverside. 

 The Vaults is a kid friendly coffee shop near the riverside near the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a low priced family friendly coffee shop with a customer rating. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is a cheap price range and is child friendly. 

 Giraffe is a pub located near the riverside area. It is family friendly and is located in the riverside area. 

 The Waterman is a children friendly Italian restaurant located in the city centre. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop serving Italian food in the price range is near the city centre near Café Sicilia 

 The Phoenix is a French pub in the city centre. It is family - friendly pub that has a low customer rating. 

 The Vaults is a pub near the city centre with a high price range of £ 20 - 25. It is not family - friendly and is not kids friendly. 

 Wildwood is a cheap Italian coffee shop which is not family - friendly. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly coffee shop located near the city centre. It is family friendly coffee shop that has a family friendly and the city centre. 

 The Mill is a coffee shop located by the riverside. It is a one star establishment with a price range of less than 20. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the Ranch. It is not family - friendly. 

 Blue Spice is a pub located in the riverside area. It is not child friendly. 

 A pub located near the city centre near Ranch, there is not kid friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a kid friendly fast food restaurant located near the riverside area of the riverside area. 

 There is a child friendly restaurant named The Cricketers, that is located near All Bar One with a high customer rating of £ 20- £ 25. It is located near All Bar One, it is near All Bar One. 

 There is a high priced fast food restaurant called The Phoenix located in the city centre area. 

 The Punter is a pub near the city centre near Café Sicilia. It is a child friendly, it is located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Phoenix is a pub located near the city centre. It has a low customer rating and has a low customer rating. 

 Blue Spice is a family friendly restaurant located in the riverside area. It has a high price range of the riverside area. 

 There is a coffee shop in the city centre, The Phoenix with an average customer rating, average customer rating. It has an average customer rating. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 5. It is child friendly and a customer rating of 5. 

 The Mill is a moderate price range, a moderately priced place that serves English food in Riverside. It is kid friendly and has a moderate price range. 

 Giraffe is a family friendly coffee shop that is kid friendly and has an average customer rating. 

 The Cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop located near Café Rouge. It is located near Café Rouge. It is near Café Rouge. 

 The Phoenix is a cheap pub located in the riverside area. It has a cheap price range of riverside. 

 The Cricketers is a restaurant in the city centre. It is not kids friendly, and has a high customer rating of £ 20 - 25. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly restaurant with a low customer rating and is located near Ranch. 

 Near Café Rouge is a children friendly Japanese restaurant named Green Man. It has a high customer rating. 

 The Punter is a high priced Indian restaurant located near the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn in the price range. They have a high customer rating and a high price range is more than £ 30. 

 The Cricketers is a Chinese restaurant in the riverside near All Bar One with a moderate price range. 

 The Phoenix is a coffee shop located by the river. It is located in Riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a pub located in riverside area. It is child friendly and is located near the riverside area. 

 Located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area, The Wrestlers is a pub, The Wrestlers. It serves Japanese food and is not child friendly. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly coffee shop called The Vaults that offers Indian food for less than £ 20. It has low customer rating. 

 The Vaults is a pub that serves French food and is family friendly. It is located near Café Rouge. 

 The Mill, in the city centre near Café Rouge, there is a moderately priced, which serves English food for a moderate price range. 

 The Vaults is a high priced Italian pub in the high price range. It is not children friendly and a high customer rating, and is not children friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese coffee shop that serves Japanese food. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area and is not family friendly. 

 The Punter is a pub near Café Sicilia that serves English food in the riverside area near Café Sicilia. 

 The Mill is a pub in the city centre area. It is a family - friendly pub that provides French food. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Waterman is a family - friendly Indian pub located in the city centre near the city centre. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Waterman is a children friendly Indian food. It is located in riverside near the riverside. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub called The Vaults. It is a low rated family friendly and it is in the city centre. 

 Giraffe is a children friendly coffee shop located near the riverside area. 

 A kid friendly coffee shop is a low priced, in riverside. 

 The Vaults is a cheap pub near Café Adriatic in Riverside area. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a pub providing Japanese food in the riverside area. It is not family - friendly. It is located in the riverside area. 

 There is a 3 out of 5 rated 3 out of 5. It is a family friendly restaurant called The price range. 

 Near Café Sicilia is a coffee shop that serves cheap and is family friendly. 

 The Cricketers is an expensive restaurant with a high customer rating. It is not child friendly. It is located in the riverside area near All Bar One. 

 The Blue Spice is a coffee shop that serves cheap. 

 Zizzi is a pub serving French food. 

 Located in the riverside area, there is a pub called Blue Spice that offers British food. It has a high customer rating of £ 20 - friendly and it is not children friendly. 

 The Vaults is an Indian pub in the city centre. It is not children friendly. It is not child friendly. 

 The Vaults is a pub located in the city centre. It serves Japanese food and has a price range of £ 20 - 25 pounds. 

 Near All Bar One is a family friendly pub that serves Japanese food for £ 20 - friendly 

 There is a children friendly French food at a French food coffee shop called Wildwood. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop located near the river near the river. It is a high priced food and it is kid friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a 5 star coffee shop that provides Indian food in the Riverside area. Its customer rating is high price range. 

 The Phoenix is a French pub in the riverside area and low costumer rating. It has a low customer rating. It is not family - friendly. 

 Located near the riverside near Café Sicilia, The Vaults is a pub. It is a pub that is family friendly. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia in the moderate price range. It has a high price range and is located near Café Sicilia. 

 Giraffe is a coffee shop in the city centre. It is not family - friendly and is not child friendly. 

 Green Man is a child friendly restaurant located in the riverside area near the riverside area near All Bar One. 

 The Waterman is a pub in the riverside area. It is located on the riverside area and a pub. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese restaurant that serves Japanese food at less than £ 20. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Indian food and is near All Bar One. It is not kid friendly. It is located near All Bar One. 

 Blue Spice is a restaurant in the city centre with a price range of £ 20 - 25. 

 The Waterman pub in the riverside area, with a family friendly pub that serves Indian food. 

 The Cricketers is a high rated, located near the Express by Holiday Inn. It is a high - friendly establishment. 

 There is a child friendly pub called The Plough near Café Rouge. It is located near Café Rouge in the riverside area near Café Rouge. 

 The Vaults, The Vaults is a pub located near the city centre. It serves Indian food. It is not children friendly and has an average customer rating. 

 The Vaults is an Italian pub that serves Italian food and has a high customer rating in the city centre. It has an average customer rating. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop serving coffee shop near Ranch. It is located near Ranch. 

 The Punter is a cheap coffee shop that is not family - friendly. It is located in the city centre. It has a cheap prices and is not family - friendly. 

 Green Man is a Japanese pub serving Japanese food in the riverside area. It is not kid friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that is not child friendly and costs more than £ 30 and is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Vaults is a pub serving Italian food in the city centre. It has a high customer rating and is children friendly. 

 The Vaults is a pub that is located near the city centre near the city centre near Café Rouge, it is not kid friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a French coffee shop located near the riverside area. It serves French food and is located in riverside. 

 The Wrestlers is a pub that offers Japanese food. It is child friendly and is family friendly. 

 The Mill is a cheap fast food pub located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre, serving Italian food near the city centre area near Café Sicilia. 

 The Mill is a pub located on the riverside. It's fast food pub that serves Fast food. 

 The Green Man is a pub that provides pub located near All Bar One in the city centre. 

 The Punter is a family friendly restaurant with an average customer rating and a low customer rating, is family friendly atmosphere and is located near the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. 

 Clowns is a pub in the riverside area. It is a pub located near Clare Hall. 

 The Phoenix is a French pub located in the riverside area with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and a 3 out of 5 

 Blue Spice is a kid friendly establishment in the city centre, with a customer rating of average customer rating and has a price range of 3 out of 5. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop in the riverside near the high price range. It is not child friendly. It is not children friendly. 

 Green Man is a child friendly Italian food restaurant near the riverside near the Green Man. 

 The Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Indian food and has Indian food. It is located in the riverside area. 

 Blue Spice serves English food in riverside. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Punter is a restaurant located in the city centre. It is not kid friendly and has a high price range. 

 The Phoenix is a cheap fast food place that serves Fast food. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. 

 The Plough is a Chinese food place that is located near the city centre near Café Rouge. 

 Giraffe is a family friendly fast food restaurant located near the riverside area near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop near Ranch near Ranch. It is family friendly and is family friendly. 

 Located near the riverside area is a moderate price range pub called The Mill. 

 The Phoenix is a family - friendly pub located by the riverside. It is located by the river 

 The Punter is a cheap, cheap Italian coffee shop. It is cheap. It has an average customer rating is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. 

 For a coffee shop named Wildwood is located near the riverside. It is not kid friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop near Café Rouge with a high customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located near Café Rouge. 

 The Wrestlers is a restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre. It is kids friendly and is moderately priced. 

 The Phoenix is a French food, it is a coffee shop serving French food. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family - friendly. 

 Cocum is a high priced pub. 

 The Phoenix is a pub located in the riverside area that serves Fast food in the riverside area. 

 The Punter is a high priced coffee shop with a high customer rating. It is located near the city centre. 

 Giraffe is a fast food coffee shop that serves fast food. It has a low customer rating. 

 Blue Spice is a Chinese food restaurant in the city centre. It has an average customer rating. 

 The Cricketers is a kids friendly coffee shop located near All Bar One, near All Bar One. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop with a 3 out of 5 customer rating of 5. 

 The Waterman, located in riverside area, is a kid friendly Indian food restaurant near the riverside area. 

 There is a pub called Wildwood that is family friendly. It is located in riverside area near the riverside area. 

 The Punter is a family friendly restaurant that serves Indian food for less than £ 20. It is located near the river. 

 Blue Spice is a family friendly pub with a price range. 

 The Wildwood is a pub located near Ranch that offers Italian food in the riverside area near the riverside area. 

 The Punter, is a moderately priced Indian restaurant that is not kid friendly. 

 The Mill is a pub that serves English food in riverside area near the riverside area. It is called The Mill. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese coffee shop with a moderate price range. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 Blue Spice offers English food in the riverside area near the riverside area is not family - friendly. 

 A family friendly Indian Cuisine, Wildwood is a pub that serves Indian food in the riverside area near the area. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced coffee shop that provides moderately priced food in the city centre near the price range. 

 Blue Spice, is a family friendly coffee shop located in riverside area. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 stars. 

 The Mill, a cheap fast food pub located in riverside area, near Café Rouge. It is not family - friendly, and is located in the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a 5 star coffee shop located near the city centre near Café Rouge. They serve English food and are located in city centre. 

 The Phoenix is a coffee shop in the riverside area that is not kid friendly. It is located in riverside area with a high customer rating. 

 The Vaults is a pub in the city centre near the high price range. It is not kid friendly and is not kids friendly. 

 Green Man is a family friendly Italian restaurant. It is near All Bar One in Riverside. 

 The Mill is a highly rated pub in the city centre with a high price range of £ 20 - 25. 

 Giraffe is a coffee shop in the city centre. It is not family - friendly. 

 Green Man is a family friendly Italian pub that is located near the riverside area. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly Japanese coffee shop in the high price range. It has a price range less than £ 20 and is located in the riverside area. 

 The Punter is a pub that is a pub located in the city centre near Café Rouge. It has a high customer rating and is not kid friendly. 

 The Punter is a family friendly restaurant with a high price range. It is located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Phoenix is a pub with a price range of less than £ 20. It is located in the city centre. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Mill is a pub that serves English food in the city centre. It is near The Sorrento. It is in the city centre. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop near the city centre near the Burger King. It is kid friendly and an Italian food. It is near Café Sicilia. 

 The Mill is a pub that serves fast food with a high prices. It is child friendly and is located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Mill is a family - friendly pub with a price range less than £ 20. It is located in the city centre. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Wrestlers is a coffee shop in the city centre area that provides Italian food. It is not family - friendly and has a moderate price range. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 customer rating of 5. It is located near Café Rouge. It is located near Café Rouge. 

 In the city centre of Cambridge is a pub with an average customer rating and serves Italian food. 

 The Punter is a cheap coffee shop providing Indian food. It is located in the city centre near the center. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop near the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn and has a high price range. It is not child friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a kid - friendly pub in the riverside area that serves French food and has a moderate price range. 

 The Vaults is a pub which is not family - friendly. It is located in the city centre. It is near the city centre near the customer rating is not family - friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a non - friendly Japanese restaurant located in the riverside area that offers Japanese food. It is not family friendly. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop near the city centre near the Portland Arms that has an average customer rating and cheap price range. 

 The Mill is a pub that serves English food in the city centre near The Mill. 

 The Wrestlers is a pub serving Japanese food with a price range of more than £ 30 and is children friendly. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside. 

 The Phoenix is a cheap pub located in the riverside area. It is located in riverside area and is kid friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop near Ranch. It is near Ranch. It is located near Ranch. 

 Located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine, The Phoenix, The Phoenix is located near the city centre. It is a fast food establishment. 

 Located in the riverside area, The Green Man is a pub that is located near All Bar One. 

 The Vaults is a high rated coffee shop in the riverside area near the price range. It is high prices more than 30 pounds and has a high customer rating. 

 The Vaults is a Japanese pub near Café Adriatic in the riverside area. 

 Strada has a low customer rating. It is a low customer rating and has a low customer rating. 

 Green Man is a pub serving Japanese food. It is kid friendly and is located in the riverside area. 

 The Wrestlers is a pub near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside. It is not child friendly and a coffee shop that serves Japanese food. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn. It is family friendly. Its price range is a low price range less than 20. 

 Wildwood is an Indian pub that provides Indian food. It is located near the city centre. 

 The Cricketers is a high priced, near All Bar One. This coffee shop is a high priced, with a high customer rating of 5 out of 5. 

 There is a kids friendly pub named The Phoenix with a 3 out of 5. It is located in the riverside near the riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a coffee shop located in the city centre of 5 out of 5 rated 5 in the city centre area. It is not family - friendly. 

 Blue Spice is a cheap Chinese food restaurant that serves Chinese food. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Waterman, is a family - friendly Indian food restaurant that is located in the city centre. 

 The Phoenix is a family - friendly pub in the city centre. It has a low customer rating. It is located in the city centre. 

 Giraffe is a child friendly coffee shop near the riverside near the Giraffe. It's. 

 The Punter is a pub near Café Sicilia that serves Chinese food, with a price range less than £ 20. It is located near Café Sicilia. 

 Blue Spice has an average rating, located near Avalon. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub serving Japanese food. It is family friendly with a high price range of 5. 

 The Vaults is a moderately priced pub that is located near Café Rouge. It is located in the riverside. 

 The Wildwood is a family friendly restaurant. It's near to the best French food with a family friendly atmosphere. 

 The Wrestlers is an Italian pub in the city centre. It is not family - friendly. It has a moderate price range. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese restaurant in riverside area. 

 There is a coffee shop called Wildwood which serves Indian food. It is located near the Ranch. 

 The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Italian restaurant. It is located in the city centre. It is not kids friendly. 

 The Plough is a kid friendly Italian restaurant near the riverside. It is child friendly and is kids friendly. 

 The Punter is a moderately priced Italian coffee shop with a high price range. It is located near the city centre near the Express by customers. 

 The Punter is a pub that is not family friendly. It is located near the city centre near Café Rouge. It serves Chinese food and serves Chinese food. 

 The Phoenix, a pub in the city centre, serves fast food with a price range less than £ 20 price range of less than £ 20 

 Green Man is a pub near All Bar One. It is child friendly. 

 Giraffe is a fast food restaurant that serves fast food with a high price range of less than £ 20. 

 There is a pub called Green Man located near All Bar One. 

 The Cricketers is a cheap coffee shop near All Bar One. It has a cheap and it's located in the riverside near the riverside area near All Bar One. 

 The Wrestlers is a kid friendly Italian restaurant. They are located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. 

 There is a coffee shop in the city centre near the city centre near The Vaults. It has a moderate price range. 

 The Phoenix is a French food restaurant located in the city centre. It has a family - friendly French food and it is located near the city centre. 

 The Punter is a highly rated coffee shop providing Italian food. It is not family friendly. 

 The Mill is a coffee shop that is located near Café Sicilia. It is a family friendly. It is near Café Sicilia. 

 The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop that is family friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 out of 5. 

 The Phoenix is a child - priced pub in riverside area. It serves fast food. It has a price range is in riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that has low customer rating, and is near Ranch. 

 Giraffe is a pub that offers prices and has a high customer rating of average customer rating. 

 Green Man is a kid friendly Italian restaurant. It is located near All Bar One. 

 Near All Bar One is a child friendly coffee shop serving Japanese food in the Riverside area, The Portland Arms, called The Cricketers. It has a high price range is located near The Cricketers. 

 The Phoenix is a family friendly pub in the riverside area with a price range of less than £ 20. It is located in the riverside area. 

 Located near the riverside area, Green Man is a family friendly restaurant that serves Japanese food. 

 The Punter is a kids friendly coffee shop near Café Rouge in the moderate price range. It is located near Café Rouge. It is located near Café Rouge and a mid range. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia, which serves Indian food, located near Café Sicilia. It is family friendly. 

 The Waterman is a pub located in the riverside area. It is located near the riverside area. 

 There is a family - friendly coffee shop named Wildwood that serves French food. It is near the Ranch. 

 Giraffe is a pub located near the riverside. 

 The Wrestlers is a family - friendly pub which is located near Raja Indian Cuisine. They serve Italian food. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced coffee shop that is moderately priced. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Vaults is a pub that provides French food in the riverside. It is not children friendly. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub in the city centre near the city centre area, and it is called The Vaults. 

 Giraffe is a family friendly fast food restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. 

 The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop that is child friendly. It is in the riverside area. 

 There is a pub The Waterman in the city centre that provides Indian food in the city centre. It is not family friendly. 

 The Waterman is a high priced Indian restaurant in the riverside. 

 There is a cheap coffee shop called The Cricketers located near Ranch. It is located near Café Rouge and is not family - friendly. It has a rating of 5 out of 5. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food and has an average customer rating of the family friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing expensive. It is located near the riverside near Ranch. 

 The Mill is a family - friendly coffee shop located in the city centre. It is moderately priced, is kid friendly. 

 Green Man is a pub that serves Japanese food in the riverside area. It is located near All Bar One. 

 The Wrestlers is a pub offering Japanese food at a family - friendly pub near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves family friendly. It is family friendly. 

 A kid friendly pub named Blue Spice. It is located in the riverside area. It is near Avalon. 

 The Wrestlers is a low - friendly Japanese coffee shop that is located in the riverside area with a low price range of more than £ 30. It is not children friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a coffee shop serving Indian food in the city centre. It has a customer rating of £ 20 - 25 price range of £ 20 - 25. It is not kids friendly. It has a high customer rating. 

 The Phoenix is a family - friendly pub in the riverside area. It is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Japanese food. It is located near Café Rouge. 

 The Mill is a coffee shop that serves fast food in the city centre. It is not kid friendly and is not kids friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a high price range and is a high customer rating. It has a high customer rating and is children friendly. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop providing Indian food with a high price range of more than £ 30. It is located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced, is a kid friendly pub that serves English food in the city centre area. 

 The Cricketers is a high priced restaurant near the riverside near All Bar One. It has a high customer rating and is not kid friendly. 

 The Punter is a family friendly restaurant near the river. 

 Green Man serves Japanese food in Riverside is family friendly. It is family friendly and is located near Café Rouge. 

 The Mill is a pub located in the city centre near The Mill. 

 Located near the riverside area is a French coffee shop that serves French food. 

 There is a family friendly pub that serves French food called Wildwood. It serves French food and is located in the riverside. 

 Green Man serves Japanese food in the riverside area. It is not family friendly. It is not kid friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a high priced Fast food pub located in the city centre. It has a high customer rating. It is located in the city centre area. 

 The Cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop serving Italian food near the Ranch. It is near Ranch. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. 

 The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Japanese food. It has a high price range of more than £ 30 and is located in the riverside. 

 The Mill is a pub, it is child friendly pub that serves Fast food in the riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a restaurant located in the city centre near the city centre. It serves Indian food. It has a high customer rating and is not kids friendly. 

 The Mill is a pub near Café Rouge in the city centre. They serve fast food with an average customer rating. It has a price range of less than £ 20. 

 The Mill is a coffee shop that serves English food, located near Café Rouge. It is family friendly and is located in the riverside near Café Rouge. 

 The Vaults is a kid friendly restaurant in the city centre that has Indian food at high price range. It is located in the city centre. 

 Zizzi is a pub in the high price range. It is family - friendly. 

 Blue Spice is a kid friendly pub with a price range of less than £ 20 and is located in riverside. 

 Blue Spice is a restaurant in the riverside area. It is children friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly Japanese restaurant located near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not family - friendly and is not family friendly. 

 The Punter is a pub that is located near the Café Sicilia. It is kid friendly and it has a moderate price range. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It is children friendly and has an average customer rating. 

 The Mill is a pub located in the city centre. It is family friendly pub. It serves fast food and has a low customer rating is located in the city centre. 

 There is a family friendly Fast food restaurant called Giraffe. It's child friendly and has a 3 out of 5. 

 The Wrestlers is a coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside area. It has a moderate price range. 

 The Vaults is a moderately priced French food pub located near Café Rouge. It is located near Café Rouge. 

 The Wrestlers is a child friendly Japanese coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a 3 out of 5, located in the riverside area with a 3 out of 5. It is a 3 out of 5 price range of 5 and has a customer rating and is located riverside. 

 The Phoenix is a kid - friendly pub near the river. They serve French food at riverside area. 

 Zizzi is a pub that serves Chinese food and is child friendly. 

 Blue Spice is a child friendly place to Avalon. It has a price range of less than £ 20. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop located near Express by Holiday Inn. It has a high price range. It is not kid friendly and has a high customer rating and is not kid friendly. 

 There is a French coffee shop in the city centre. It has a low customer rating and located in the city centre. 

 Giraffe is a pub called Giraffe. It is children friendly and is located near the city centre. 

 Clowns is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel. 

 The Mill is a pub located in the city centre, which is moderately priced pub that has a moderate price range. 

 In the city centre near Avalon called Blue Spice is not family - friendly, located in the city centre area is not family - friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a cheap fast food restaurant in Riverside area near the Riverside area. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly Japanese restaurant that is located in the city centre. It has a price range of less than £ 20 price range of less than £ 20. 

 There is a child friendly pub near The Phoenix located in riverside. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is moderately priced and is located in riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a high price range restaurant located near to All Bar One. It is child friendly. 

 The Vaults is a child friendly restaurant in riverside area. The price range is child friendly. It has a high. 

 The Mill is a pub located in the riverside area with a high price range. It is not kid friendly. It is not children friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a restaurant near the Ranch. It has a high customer rating of 3 out of 5. 

 Green Man is a pub in the riverside area near the riverside area near the riverside area, try Green Man. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop in riverside area. It is located in riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop with a high customer rating. It is located near Café Brazil. It is a high customer rating and is not child - friendly. 

 In riverside area, the riverside area is a family - friendly coffee shop. It is a 5 out of 5 customer rating of 5. 

 Giraffe is a family friendly restaurant located in the city centre. It is family friendly and is family - friendly. 

 The Plough is a cheap Chinese restaurant located near to All Bar One. The Bakers. 

 In the city centre, Blue Spice, has a pub, has a low customer rating. 

 The Vaults is a moderately priced pub with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It has a customer rating of 5. It is not kid friendly and has a customer rating of 5. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop located near the riverside and a moderate price range is not kid friendly. It is located near the Café. 

 The Mill is a pub located near Café Rouge. It is a pub in the city centre. It is kid friendly. 

 The Mill is a pub in the riverside area, which serves fast food. It is located near Café Rouge and has a high customer rating of the riverside area. 

 The Plough is a kid friendly Chinese restaurant near The Plough that offers high price range near Express by Holiday Inn. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced restaurant that serves English food in the riverside. 

 Green Man is a kid friendly Italian restaurant near the Green Man. It is located in Riverside area. 

 In the city centre, The Waterman is a pub with a moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Vaults is a child friendly coffee shop, near the price range of the riverside area near the price range is The Vaults. 

 The Vaults is a pub in the city centre. It is not family - friendly. It is not family friendly and has a low customer rating and its pub near Café Rouge. 

 The Wrestlers is an Italian restaurant. It is not family - friendly Italian coffee shop in the riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a French food pub located in the city centre, the city centre near the city centre. It is not family - friendly and has a 5 out of 5 out of 5. 

 Giraffe is a pub that serves fast food. It is child friendly, and is located near the riverside. 

 The Phoenix is a moderately priced pub located in the riverside area. It is located on the riverside area. 

 There is a family friendly coffee shop called Wildwood near the riverside called Wildwood. 

 The Phoenix is a fast food restaurant located in the riverside area. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a family - friendly coffee shop located in the city centre. It has a price range of more than £ 30. 

 Zizzi is a pub that is located in riverside with average customer rating. 

 The Mill is a high priced coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a kid - 25, French pub with a high customer rating and is high customer rating. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Mill is a mid priced restaurant with a moderate price range and a moderate price range. It is not kid friendly 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub. It is located near Café Brazil in the riverside area near Café Rouge. 

 The Vaults is a moderately priced, located in the Riverside area. It is a family friendly pub near the riverside area. 

 The Wrestlers is an adult oriented pub, located in the riverside area. It has a cheap price range and has a customer rating of less than £ 20 pounds and a customer rating of less than £ 20. 

 The Punter is a high priced coffee shop that serves Italian food and has a high customer rating. 

 The Punter is a kid friendly Italian coffee shop in the riverside area, and serves Italian food. It is called The Punter. 

 The Phoenix is a kid friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and rated 3 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area near Café Rouge. 

 Clowns is a coffee shop located near the riverside area. It serves Japanese food. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced restaurant that serves English food and is kid friendly. It is located in the city centre. 

 There is a coffee shop called The Wrestlers that is in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is child friendly, and is located near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Phoenix is a moderately priced French restaurant located in the city centre and is not family - friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a pub located in the city centre. It has a rating of 5 out of 5. It is not child friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a family - friendly pub located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is child friendly, but it is near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Mill is a Fast food pub that has a high price range and it is not kid friendly. 

 The Vaults is a kids friendly pub located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has a moderate price range of 3 out of 5 and is located near Café. 

 In the riverside area, there is a children - priced fast food pub called The Phoenix. 

 Wildwood is a pub with a price range of less than £ 20, that serves French food. 

 Located in the riverside area, The Waterman serves Indian food and is children friendly. 

 A family friendly coffee shop called The Cricketers is a children friendly. It is family friendly. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced restaurant in the riverside area near the riverside area near the river area. 

 There is a coffee shop called The Cricketers. It is located near Café Sicilia that is not family friendly. 

 The Waterman is a child friendly coffee shop that serves Italian food and it is located in riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is an average rated coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It is family friendly. 

 The Mill is a family friendly coffee shop in riverside area with a high price range. It's called The Mill. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop providing Japanese food. It is located in the riverside. 

 Green Man is a family friendly pub in the riverside area near the riverside area. 

 Wildwood is a child friendly pub located near Ranch. 

 The Punter is an Indian pub near Café Sicilia. It is located near Café Sicilia. It is not kid friendly. 

 Strada is a 1 out of 5. It is a moderately priced restaurant and has a 5 customer rating of 5. 

 The Wrestlers is a family - friendly pub near Raja Indian Cuisine that is a pub with a low price range less than £ 20 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre near Café Rouge 

 There is a pub that provides Indian food in the high price range. It is located near Café Rouge. 

 The Waterman, located in the riverside area. It is an Indian food. It is not child friendly and is in riverside. 

 The Mill is a pub providing fast food and has a price range. It is located in the riverside area. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese pub in the riverside area with a price range of £ 20 - 25. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Green Man is a pub serving moderately priced food with a rating near All Bar One. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop that is not family friendly. It is not family friendly. 

 There is a non family friendly pub called Green Man located in the riverside area, is not family friendly. 

 The Mill is a pub in riverside area that is high price range. It is children friendly and has a high customer rating. 

 There is a child friendly restaurant named The Cricketers located near the Ranch. 

 The Phoenix is a non family - friendly coffee shop that serves fast food and is located in the city centre. 

 The Vaults is a Japanese pub located near Café Adriatic in the city centre near Café Adriatic. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly restaurant serving Japanese food. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced pub that serves English food in the city centre. It is not kid friendly. 

 A pub, it has an average customer rating. 

 Located in the city centre, Blue Spice has a price range of the city centre. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced, family friendly pub near the riverside, the riverside area. 

 The Wrestlers is a moderately priced pub providing Japanese food in the city centre. It is not kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. 

 The Phoenix is a moderately priced fast food restaurant. It is not kid friendly and is located near the riverside. 

 The Mill is a pub in riverside. It is located near The Sorrento. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Italian food in riverside. It has a low customer rating and is family friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a cheap fast food restaurant. It is in the riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a French pub in the city centre. It serves French food in the city centre. It has a rating of 5 out of 5. 

 Green Man is a child friendly restaurant located near the riverside near the Green Man. 

 Giraffe is a fast food pub that serves fast food. It is not kid friendly and is not family - friendly. 

 The Vaults is a pub in the price range of 3 out of 5. It is a 3 out of 5. It is located near Café, and is kid friendly. 

 The Mill is a low - friendly pub that offers fast food with a low price range of less than £ 20. It is located in the riverside. 

 The Plough is a non family friendly place near the Café Rouge in the city centre near Café Rouge. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a high - friendly pub near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. It is located in riverside area. 

 Wildwood is a Indian coffee shop with a moderate price range. It is located in the riverside. 

 The Phoenix is a high - priced pub located in the riverside area near the riverside area. 

 Green Man is a family friendly Italian pub near All Bar One. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop near Café Brazil in riverside. It has a low customer rating is family friendly, and is family friendly. 

 The Vaults is a family - friendly Japanese pub located in riverside area near Café Brazil. It is a 5 out of 5 rating, near Café Brazil. 

 The Mill is a pub that offers Fast food. It has a high prices and is located in the city centre. It is not family friendly. 

 The Punter, a coffee shop near the river. It is not a low - friendly Indian food. It is located near the Café Sicilia. It's not family friendly. 

 The Mill is a family friendly pub that offers food in the riverside area. It is located near Café Rouge. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly restaurant with an average customer rating. 

 The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Italian coffee shop that serves Italian food. It is in the riverside area. 

 The Wildwood is a child friendly coffee shop that serves Indian food at a cheap Indian food. It is in riverside area. 

 The Punter is a pub in the city centre near Café Sicilia. It is a pub with a price range of less than £ 20. It is in the city centre. 

 The Mill, The Sorrento in the riverside area serves English food in riverside area near The Sorrento. It is not kid friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that has a 5 out of 5 customer rating of 5 and is located in the city centre area. It is near All Bar One. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub serving Japanese food in the riverside area. It is located in the riverside area near The Vaults. 

 Giraffe is a coffee shop near the Giraffe near the Giraffe. It is not kid friendly. 

 There is a coffee shop called The Cricketers near Café Sicilia that has an average customer rating and is family friendly. 

 The Phoenix, has a customer rating of 5, located in riverside area. The Phoenix is not family - 25 and serves French food. 

 The Mill is a cheap pub that serves fast food. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop that is not family friendly and not children friendly. 

 The Punter is a restaurant providing Indian food in the city centre near the price range. It is not kid friendly and has a high customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 The Cricketers is an average rated coffee shop located near Café Rouge. It is not family friendly and has an average customer rating. 

 The Waterman is a family friendly Italian coffee shop in the city centre that is family - friendly. It is near the city centre. 

 The Cricketers is a highly rated coffee shop located in the city centre near All Bar One. This establishment is not family - friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop near All Bar One that has a high customer rating of 1 out of 5. It has a high price range, and is near All Bar One. 

 There is a family - friendly coffee shop named The Sorrento in the riverside area. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop with a low price range. It is family friendly coffee shop located near the river. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly, family friendly restaurant located near the Ranch, with an average customer rating and is cheap price range is located near Ranch. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant serving Italian food at moderate price range in the moderate price range. 

 The Punter is a cheap Italian restaurant near the city centre. It is family - friendly. It is family friendly and has a low customer rating. 

 The Cricketers is an adult only rated coffee shop near Ranch. It is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub serving French food with a low price range of less than £ 20. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop near the city centre near Café Sicilia with average customer rating, The Punter is not family - friendly and has an average customer rating. 

 The Wrestlers is a kid friendly coffee shop with a moderate price range, located near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Mill is a children friendly coffee shop that serves English food. 

 The Cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop that has a high customer rating. 

 The Green Man is a pub that is located near the riverside. 

 The Wrestlers is a kid friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is in the riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a pub located in riverside area. It is located near the riverside area. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a 5 out of 5, with a 5 customer rating 5 out of 5 rating, it is not family friendly place called The Portland Arms. It is not family friendly. 

 There is a pub located in the riverside area, The Phoenix. It has a price range of less than £ 20. 

 There is a low rated coffee shop called The Portland Arms. It is not family friendly. 

 The Punter is a high price range, is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre. It is located near the more than £ 30. 

 The Phoenix, the riverside, is a French pub that serves French food. It has a high price range of more than £ 30. 

 There is a pub named The Phoenix in the riverside area near the riverside area near the riverside area. It serves Fast food. 

 The Mill is a high priced pub in the city centre. It is a high price range pub located near Café Rouge. 

 There is a highly rated coffee shop with a high customer rating with high price range of £ 20 - 25. It is kid friendly. 

 The Punter is a pub that serves English food in the price range and is not children friendly. 

 Blue Spice, has a low customer rating. It is located in riverside. 

 Located in the city centre, The Wrestlers is a pub serving Japanese food. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced pub serving fast food in the city centre near Café Sicilia. It is located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Phoenix is a family - friendly pub serving French food in the riverside area, and is located in riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a low priced French pub in riverside. It is not family - friendly. It has a low customer rating. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese coffee shop that is a family friendly and is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 Clowns is a pub that serves Japanese food with a 3 out of 5 customer rating of 5. 

 The Cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop near All Bar One with a high customer rating, near All Bar One with a high customer rating and prices are £ 20- £ 25. 

 The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that offers Japanese food. It is kid friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a moderately priced coffee shop that is located in the city centre. It is kids friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a French pub in the city centre. It is not kid friendly. It has a high customer rating of 3 out of 3 out of 5. 

 The Cricketers is a high priced restaurant with a customer rating. It is located near the Ranch. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly restaurant, located in the riverside area near the riverside area. It is family friendly and is family friendly and is family friendly. 

 There is a coffee shop named The Cricketers near Café Sicilia with an average customer rating. It has a customer rating and has an average customer rating. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near Ranch. It has an average rating and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Phoenix is a French coffee shop that is a low - friendly and drinks. It is located in the riverside area. It is located in the river 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly pub that serves Japanese food and is located near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is called The Wrestlers. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop that offers Japanese food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not family friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop that is family friendly. It is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 Green Man is a child friendly establishment located near the riverside near All Bar One. 

 Located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine, The Wrestlers. It is a family friendly coffee shop, and a moderately priced and serves moderately priced. 

 The Punter is a cheap Italian coffee shop located near the city centre near the city centre near Burger King. 

 The Cricketers is an Indian food, near All Bar One and is not kid friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. 

 The Cricketers is a kids friendly, kid friendly, located near All Bar One with a moderate price range. It is located near All Bar One. 

 The Vaults is a pub that serves French food in the city centre near The Vaults. 

 Located near the riverside area, The Phoenix is a Fast food pub. 

 Near The Cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop. It is located near Ranch. 

 The Waterman is not kid friendly and serves Italian food with a high customer rating. 

 There is a child friendly Indian coffee shop called The Waterman located in Riverside area near the riverside area. It serves Indian food. It is near the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near Ranch. It is rated and has an average customer rating. 

 The Wrestlers, is a moderately priced coffee shop that offers Japanese food. It is not family friendly and is located in the city centre. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese food pub located in the riverside area. It is child friendly environment. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 In riverside area is a pub named Blue Spice. It is located in riverside area. 

 Giraffe is a fast food pub with a low customer rating. It is not family - friendly. 

 Blue Spice provides Chinese food in the riverside area, Blue Spice. 

 The Wrestlers is a low priced, coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. It is not family friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a highly rated restaurant that is a high - friendly restaurant located near All Bar One. It has a high customer rating. 

 The Mill is a pub that serves fast food in the city centre. It is not kid - 25 pounds. It is not kids friendly and has an average rating. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is not family - friendly and a non family friendly and is near Café Sicilia. 

 The Phoenix is a cheap Indian food restaurant in the city centre. It is not family - friendly and has an average customer rating. 

 The Mill is a high priced pub on the riverside. It is located near the riverside. 

 The Vaults is a high priced Italian restaurant located in the city centre near the city centre. It is not children friendly and has a high customer rating. 

 Green Man serves Italian food in the riverside area. It is located near the riverside area. 

 Located next to the river is a coffee shop serving French food in riverside area. It's called The Phoenix. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly pub that provides Japanese food and is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre. 

 The Phoenix is a French pub in the riverside area near the riverside area. It is not kid - friendly and serves French food and a customer rating of 3 out of 5. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese coffee shop that serves Japanese food and has a price range of less than £ 20. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Punter is a highly rated coffee shop that is not family friendly, near Café Sicilia. It has a high price range is located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Vaults is a child friendly pub located near the riverside area and a high price range of £ 20 - 25. It is located in the riverside area near Café Adriatic. 

 The Wrestlers, a pub serving Japanese food with a low customer rating. It is not child friendly and is located in the riverside area near the riverside area. 

 The Wrestlers, there is a pub that serves Japanese food in Riverside. It has a price range of 5. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a pub in riverside area. It is a pub in Riverside. It has a price range of less than £ 20. 

 The Cricketers is a cheap coffee shop that has a low customer rating and low customer rating. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Mill is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Café Rouge. It's not kid friendly and are not family - friendly. 

 Giraffe is a fast food restaurant located in the riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a family - friendly coffee shop located near Café Brazil in the city centre near Café Rouge. 

 The Phoenix is a pub in Riverside. It has a low customer rating, but not family - friendly. 

 Green Man is not kids friendly and is in riverside near All Bar One. 

 The Vaults, near the river is a coffee shop that has a price range less than £ 20. It is not family friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop that is not family friendly and its customers, it is not family - friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a child friendly Japanese pub with a high price range is located near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 There is a cheap coffee shop called The Vaults that offers French food in riverside. It is not family friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a moderately priced, fast food restaurant in the city centre. It serves fast food. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Portland Arms, The Cricketers is a French restaurant serving French food is not child friendly. It is located near The Portland Arms. 

 The Phoenix is a low rated French food pub located in the city centre and serves French food. 

 The Cricketers is a highly rated coffee shop in the city centre. It is kids friendly, and has a price range of £ 20 - 25 price range is located near All Bar One. 

 Giraffe is a family friendly pub serving French food and is family friendly. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Phoenix is a pub in the riverside area that serves French food. It is located in the riverside area. 

 Blue Spice is a child friendly restaurant located in riverside area. It is in the riverside area. 

 The Mill is a cheap pub near Café Rouge. It is in the city centre. They are family friendly. 

 Giraffe pub that is located near the city centre. It is not child friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a cheap pub in Riverside, but a 5 out of 5 customer rating of 5. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese coffee shop that serves Japanese food for less than £ 20. It is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Café Sicilia. It is not children friendly and has a low customer rating and an average customer rating and the customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 Blue Spice is a kid friendly establishment in the city centre. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Phoenix is a pub located in the city centre, with a 3 out of 5 customer rating of 5. The price range is high price range and is kid friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Italian coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine. They are not family friendly. 

 Clowns is a pub that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. 

 Near the Ranch is a family friendly coffee shop with a family friendly environment called The Cricketers. 

 There is a kid friendly fast food restaurant called Giraffe with a high customer rating of less than £ 20. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is near Ranch. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub located in the city centre near the city centre. It serves Italian food and it is family - friendly environment with a low customer rating. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that is located near All Bar One and has an average customer rating. It is located in the city centre near All Bar One. 

 The Phoenix is a restaurant with a high price range of £ 20 - 25 and is located in the riverside area. 

 Blue Spice is a family friendly place near Avalon in the riverside area near Avalon. 

 Giraffe is a kids friendly fast food restaurant located near the riverside area. 

 The Waterman, family friendly restaurant in the city centre, is kid friendly, has a high customer rating of £ 20 - friendly environment. 

 The Phoenix is a low priced coffee shop in riverside area. 

 Giraffe pub serves fast food and is located in the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop that has a price range of £ 20 - 25. It is located in the riverside area near All Bar One. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving Indian food near Crowne Plaza Hotel near Ranch. It is kid friendly. 

 Cocum is a child friendly restaurant with an average customer rating and has a high customer rating. 

 There is a child friendly pub called Wildwood, which serves French food. 

 Giraffe is a pub that serves Fast food and is not family friendly. 

 The Cricketers is an average customer rating, near Café Rouge that serves English food and is not family - friendly. It is located near Café Rouge and has a customer rating. 

 The Green Man is a non family - friendly Japanese pub that is not family friendly and is not kid friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop with a 3 out of 5 rating of 5. It has a customer rating of 5. 

 The Mill is a family friendly pub that serves cheap price range and is located in the city centre. 

 The Vaults is a cheap, located in the city centre near Café Rouge and is not family - friendly. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop providing Italian food near the riverside near the Café Sicilia. It is not family - friendly and has a high customer rating. 

 In the city centre, a kid friendly coffee shop named The Phoenix has a moderate price range. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It has a customer rating of 5. 

 Strada is a low priced, with a low customer rating. It is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop with an average customer rating in the city centre, near Express by Holiday Inn. It's located near Express by Holiday Inn. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly Japanese restaurant that serves Japanese food. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Punter is a child friendly restaurant that serves Indian food with a high price range of more than £ 30. 

 Giraffe is a kid friendly pub that is located near to the riverside and is kid friendly. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop located near the riverside near the riverside area with an average customer rating, but has an average rating. 

 The Phoenix, The Phoenix is a low - friendly French food. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a moderately priced family friendly, kids friendly, located in the riverside area near Café Rouge. 

 The Phoenix serves French food in the city centre, not family - friendly. It is a low customer rating. It is located in the city centre near the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop that is not kid friendly. It is located near the city centre near the price range of more than £ 30 and has a high customer rating. 

 The Waterman is a children friendly restaurant that serves Italian food. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Mill is a pub providing English food in riverside. It is a pub located near the riverside area near The Sorrento. 

 The Mill is a coffee shop located in Riverside that provides fast food. It has a high price range is located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Vaults is a French coffee shop located in the city centre near the city centre. 

 The Phoenix is a pub that offers Fast food in riverside area. 

 The Mill is a moderate priced French food restaurant with a moderate price range and is not kid friendly. 

 The Vaults is a kid friendly coffee shop serving Italian food near the moderate price range in the moderate price range. It is located near the city centre. 

 The Mill is a high priced fast food pub in the riverside area. It is not child friendly. It is not child friendly. 

 The Punter is a high rated coffee shop in the city centre. It is an Italian coffee shop near the city centre near Café Sicilia. 

 Giraffe is a fast food restaurant in the city centre. It is not kid - friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. 

 The Phoenix is a pub in the riverside area. They serve Fast food, near the riverside area. 

 The Mill is a restaurant with a low customer rating, near Café Rouge. 

 The Phoenix is a pub, located in the riverside area near Café Rouge. This is a pub that offers French food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. 

 The Phoenix is a pub in the riverside area near the riverside area. It has an average customer rating and has a price range of 3 out of 5 out of 5. 

 The Phoenix is a family friendly French food restaurant with a low customer rating. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop located near the riverside that provides Indian food. Its price range is average. It is average. Its customer rating is high. 

 The Waterman is a moderately priced Indian restaurant that is not family friendly, in the city centre near the city centre. 

 The Vaults is a pub located near the riverside near The Vaults, and low prices less than £ 20. 

 The Punter is not family friendly, located near the Café Sicilia. It is not family friendly. 

 The Mill is a coffee shop in the riverside area and has a low customer rating. 

 The Vaults is a pub in the city centre that provides Indian food. It is not family friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a moderately priced Fast food pub that is located in riverside area. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced restaurant that serves English food. 

 The Mill is a highly rated coffee shop that is a high priced fast food in the city centre. 

 The Mill is a high priced coffee shop that serves Fast food with a high customer rating. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Phoenix is a French pub located in the riverside area with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. 

 In the riverside area The Phoenix, The Phoenix is a French food and is kids friendly French food. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia in the city centre near Café Sicilia. It is not child friendly, and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. 

 There is a children - friendly pub called The Phoenix that has a customer rating and has a low customer rating. 

 The Phoenix, located in the riverside area is a pub that has a low customer rating and the riverside area and it has a low customer rating. 

 The Punter is a non family friendly coffee shop that serves Indian food. It is not family friendly. It is located near Café Rouge. 

 The Mill is a cheap fast food pub located in the city centre near Café Rouge. 

 There is a family friendly coffee shop called The Cricketers that serves Japanese food and has a low customer rating. 

 The Mill is a fast food pub with a high customer rating. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Mill is a child friendly coffee shop near the riverside area near The Mill, serves English food. 

 The Mill is a cheap coffee shop with a cheap price range and it is located near Café Brazil. 

 The Waterman is a family friendly pub in the riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a fast food restaurant in the city centre. It has a customer rating of less than £ 20. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a high priced fast food restaurant with a high customer rating. It is high customer rating. 

 Giraffe is a kid friendly pub located in riverside. It has a high customer rating and is near to Riverside. 

 The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Japanese pub that is not child friendly and it is not kid friendly. 

 The Plough is a pub that provides Chinese food. It is located in the riverside near Café Rouge. It is located near Café Rouge. 

 Giraffe is a pub located in the city centre. It is not kid - friendly. 

 Blue Spice is a pub that serves English food. It is located in the riverside. 

 There is a pub in the riverside area, The Vaults, near the riverside area and has a price range of less than £ 20. 

 The Phoenix is a French pub located in the city centre that offers French food in the city centre. It has a customer rating of 5. 

 Blue Spice is in the riverside area. 

 Located in the city centre, The Waterman is a pub in the city centre. It is kid friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a kid friendly pub that serves Italian food in the city centre. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Cricketers is a cheap, low priced family friendly, located near All Bar One. They serve cheap and are family friendly. 

 The Vaults is a pub that is a pub located near Café Rouge in Riverside. It is kids friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly pub located at the riverside area. They serve Japanese food. 

 The Mill is a family friendly pub in the city centre near The Sorrento, The Sorrento. 

 The Waterman is a coffee shop that serves Italian food with a high price range and a high price range. 

 Giraffe is a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a family - friendly coffee shop that is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating. It is located near the city centre. 

 The Vaults is a pub located near the river, it is not family - friendly. It has a low customer rating. 

 The Wrestlers is a family - friendly pub that serves Japanese food. It has a price range of less than 20 

 The Phoenix serves fast food at the riverside. It is located in riverside area. It is located in Riverside area. 

 There is a pub called Wildwood that serves French food in the riverside area near Ranch. 

 The Wildwood is a pub that serves Indian food. It is family friendly. 

 The Punter is a moderately priced coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range. It is near the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is 3 out of 5. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese restaurant in the riverside area with a price range of less than £ 20 price range. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Cricketers is a 5 out of 5 rated 5 star restaurant located near Café Rouge. It is near Café Rouge in the city centre near Café Rouge. 

 The Mill is an expensive pub with an average customer rating. 

 The Waterman is a family friendly pub providing Indian food in the riverside area. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a French restaurant with a price range of more than £ 30. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Phoenix is a fast food restaurant. It is located on the riverside. 

 The Waterman is a family friendly coffee shop in riverside area. It has a cheap price range is located in the riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub located in the riverside area. It is located near the riverside area. It is a pub near the riverside area. 

 The Punter is a pub near Café Sicilia with a moderate price range. It is located near Café Sicilia. It has a moderate price range and is not kid friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly pub with a high price range of £ 20 - 25 and a price range of £ 25 and a customer rating. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop near Ranch and serves French food. 

 The Wrestlers is a children friendly Japanese pub in Riverside area. It is in the price range more than £ 30. 

 Clowns is a pub located near Clare Hall that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. 

 Wildwood is a kid friendly Indian food pub that has an average customer rating. 

 The Punter is a family friendly pub serving Chinese food. It is located near Café Rouge. 

 The Punter is a cheap Indian coffee shop located near the river near the riverside area, near Café Sicilia. 

 The Mill is a cheap Fast food pub serving fast food for the cheap price range. 

 The Plough is a non family friendly pub that is a non family - friendly restaurant located near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the riverside area. It is located near The Portland Arms. It has an average customer rating. 

 The Punter is an Indian coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It serves Indian food. Its customer rating is average and is average. 

 Clowns is a pub located by the riverside. 

 The Waterman is a low - friendly restaurant in the city centre. It is not family friendly and is located in the city centre. 

 A 3 out of 5. It is a 3 out of 5. 

 Giraffe is a child friendly French restaurant in the riverside area near the riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a Japanese restaurant in the city centre. It is child friendly and is kid friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a five - friendly coffee shop located near the city centre near Ranch. It has an English food and is not family - friendly environment. 

 Blue Spice is a moderate price range and is not family - friendly and has a customer rating of the city centre. 

 The Mill is a child friendly restaurant near the riverside area near the riverside area. 

 Blue Spice is a pub that serves English food. It is located in the riverside area. It has a customer rating of riverside area. 

 The Mill is a fast food coffee shop that serves fast food in the city centre area near Café Sicilia. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Vaults is a mid priced Japanese pub that serves Japanese food with a customer rating of 5 and is called The Vaults. It is located in the riverside. 

 The Punter is a cheap Italian coffee shop near the city centre near the city centre near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has a 5 out of 5. 

 In the riverside area, there is a high - priced restaurant called The Phoenix, that is a family friendly. 

 A children friendly, The Waterman is a high priced Italian restaurant with a high customer rating and located in the city centre. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced restaurant in the riverside area. 

 There is a family friendly coffee shop called The Cricketers that serves a family friendly. 

 With an Italian restaurant, The Wildwood is a low customer rating. 

 The Vaults is a pub near Café Brazil in the riverside area near Café Brazil. It is near Café Brazil. It is kid friendly pub that is located near Café Brazil. 

 Strada is a pub that serves pub and is located near Yippee Noodle Bar. 

 The Vaults, a moderate price, with a moderate priced coffee shop. It has a moderate price range and kid friendly environment. 

 Giraffe is a fast food pub located near the riverside. It is not family friendly. 

 Near Ranch is a coffee shop named The Portland Arms. It is rated 1 out of 5. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. 

 Blue Spice is a non - friendly restaurant with a price range of 1 out of 5 customer rating of 5. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Phoenix, is a high priced pub providing fast food in Riverside. It is located in Riverside area. 

 The Phoenix, has a low customer rating and is a pub serving French food in Riverside area. It is located in Riverside. 

 Wildwood is a pub with a price range of more than £ 30. It is located in the riverside. 

 The Mill is a pub near the riverside that offers fast food, it is located near The Mill. 

 There is a high rated highly rated coffee shop that is a high priced, in the riverside. 

 Green Man is a pub that serves Japanese food in the riverside area. It is not children friendly and has a high customer rating. 

 The Vaults is a kid friendly, located near the city centre, a pub in the city centre near the city centre. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Italian food. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. 

 The Vaults is a pub located in the riverside area. It is located near the riverside area. 

 Located in the city centre there is a pub called Wildwood that serves Italian food. 

 Strada is a pub located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly restaurant in riverside area that is kid friendly, near the riverside area near the higher than £ 30. 

 The Phoenix serves Indian food in the riverside area, has an average rating of 5 out of 5 customer rating. 

 The Cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop with a low customer rating. 

 The Green Man is a family friendly pub which serves Japanese food. It is located near the riverside near the riverside area. 

 Blue Spice is a high priced English restaurant with a price range of more than £ 30. 

 Near Ranch is a coffee shop called The Cricketers serving French food. It is located near Ranch. 

 The Phoenix is a coffee shop located in the city centre, not kid friendly. It has a high customer rating of £ 20 - 25 pounds. 

 There is an inexpensive coffee shop in the city centre called The Vaults, and a cheap, and is not family - friendly. 

 The Plough is a pub serving Chinese food with a high price range near Café Rouge. It is located near Café Rouge. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub in riverside area. It's near Café Sicilia. The Vaults. 

 The Phoenix is a children - friendly pub in the city centre near the price range of more than £ 30. It is a pub. It is child friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop with a high customer rating. 

 The Plough is a kid friendly restaurant that is located in the city centre near All Bar One. It is children friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near Ranch that serves Japanese food. It is located near Ranch. 

 There is a Japanese restaurant called Green Man that offers Japanese food. It is not child friendly. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Mill is a low priced coffee shop that is not family - friendly. It's located near Café Rouge. 

 The Waterman is a pub that serves Indian food in the riverside area. It has a high price range and is children friendly. 

 The Punter is an adult oriented pub near Café Sicilia that is located near Café Sicilia. It is not kids friendly. It is not kids friendly. 

 There is a kid friendly pub called The Wrestlers that serves Italian food. It has a moderate price range. 

 The Mill is a pub that provides Indian food in the riverside. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Punter is an Indian coffee shop with a high price range and is located near the riverside. It is family friendly. 

 Giraffe is a pub that is family friendly and has a low customer rating. 

 The Vaults is a low priced pub located in the city centre. They offer cheap Japanese food with a low customer rating. 

 Giraffe is a moderately priced Fast food 

 Near Café Rouge in the riverside area is a pub that serves French food and has a customer rating of average customer rating. 

 In the city centre, The Phoenix is a family - friendly coffee shop called The Phoenix. It serves French food. It is located in the city centre. 

 Giraffe is a pub called Giraffe, kid friendly. 

 There is a pub called Blue Spice in the city centre. It is not family friendly and has a high customer rating of average price range. 

 In riverside near All Bar One, is a children friendly Italian food at riverside area near All Bar One. 

 The Waterman is a moderately priced Indian restaurant located in riverside area and is not kid friendly. 

 The Punter is an Italian restaurant that is not family friendly. It is located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving Italian food. It has a price range of the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 Green Man is a pub serving Japanese food near the city centre of the Green Man. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly Italian pub with a high price range. It is located near the river. 

 Zizzi is a high priced restaurant providing English food. 

 The Vaults is a pub located in the riverside area. It is not family friendly. It is not child friendly. 

 Wildwood is a pub serving Italian food in the riverside. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area. It is located in Riverside area near the riverside area. 

 Green Man is a family friendly place in Riverside area near the riverside area. 

 There is a coffee shop in riverside area named The Phoenix, located near the riverside area near the riverside area. The Phoenix. It is not a cheap price range of the riverside area. 

 There is a highly rated Indian coffee shop called The Phoenix in the riverside area. It is not child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 3 out of 5. 

 The Phoenix is a family - friendly pub located in the riverside area. It is a family friendly. 

 There is a coffee shop called Wildwood near the riverside. 

 The Mill is a pub located in the city centre, not family - friendly. It has a low customer rating. 

 The Vaults is a moderately priced, child friendly coffee shop near the city centre. It is kid friendly, located near the city centre. 

 The Mill is a pub that provides fast food in the high price range. It is located near the city centre. It is highly - 25 and has a high customer rating. 

 There is a coffee shop called The Mill in the riverside area that serves English food. It is not family friendly and is located in the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop located near Café Rouge. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It has a customer rating of 5. 

 The Phoenix is a high rated coffee shop that is located in the riverside area near the riverside area. They are average and the riverside area and is child friendly. 

 Near All Bar One, near All Bar One, The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop which offers low priced food. 

 There is a kids friendly coffee shop named The Mill that is 20 - 25. It is located in the riverside. 

 The Cricketers is a family - friendly coffee shop near Café Rouge in the city centre near Café Rouge. It has an average customer rating and serves English food. 

 The Vaults is a cheap Japanese food pub in the riverside area. It is located in the riverside area. It is near the riverside area. 

 The Mill is an inexpensive coffee shop that is not family - friendly. It is not family - friendly and it is located in the city centre. 

 Wildwood pub serves Indian food and located in the city centre near Café Rouge. It is not kids friendly. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub serving Japanese food. It is family friendly, and is located near Café Rouge. 

 The Mill is a high priced Italian pub in the riverside area. 

 In the riverside area near Ranch called Wildwood is not family - friendly. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop located near the city centre near Rainbow Vegetarian Café Sicilia. It is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. 

 The Mill is a pub providing fast food in the moderate price range and is not kid friendly. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a French pub that serves French food in the riverside area. They are welcome. The prices and it's near the riverside area. 

 Near the river there is a family - friendly Italian restaurant called The Waterman. 

 The Mill is a cheap pub with cheap food in the riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a high price range and the river that is children friendly. It is located on the riverside area. 

 The Phoenix, an affordable price range and is a kids friendly coffee shop in the riverside area. 

 The Waterman is a pub in the city centre with a price range of more than £ 30 and is children friendly. 

 The Waterman is a pub in riverside area. It is located in riverside area. 

 There is a pub called Green Man that serves Japanese food. It is located in the riverside area and has a price range of less than £ 20. 

 The Waterman is a pub in the city centre near the city centre. They serve Italian food in the city centre. 

 Blue Spice is a child friendly English food at the riverside. 

 Located near the Wildwood is a pub that serves Italian food. 

 The Vaults is a high priced pub that serves Japanese food with a high price range. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Wrestlers is a child friendly place with a price range of more than £ 30 and has a high customer rating and children friendly environment. 

 Giraffe pub is a pub that offers fast food and is not suitable for families. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly Italian restaurant located in the riverside area. It is family friendly. 

 The Punter is a pub near the city centre. It is located near Café Sicilia. It is a family friendly, and has a low rating and is near Café Rouge. 

 The Mill is a pub located near the riverside area. It is located in the riverside area. 

 Zizzi is a coffee shop that is family friendly. It has a low customer rating. 

 Giraffe is a family friendly restaurant that is a child friendly. It is located in Riverside. 

 The Phoenix is a pub that offers French food in the riverside area of less than £ 20. 

 There is a Fast food pub called The Mill that serves Fast food. It is located in the riverside area near the riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a moderately priced pub that serves French food with a moderate prices. It is not kid friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop located near Café Sicilia with a low customer rating. It has a customer rating. It is not family - friendly with a rating of 1 out of 5. 

 The Phoenix is a pub with a moderately priced French food in the city centre. It serves French food. 

 Zizzi is a children - priced coffee shop with an average customer rating. 

 The Mill is a family - friendly pub that serves Fast food in the city centre. It is located near Café Sicilia. 

 Giraffe is a pub near the riverside near The Giraffe. 

 The Vaults is a children friendly coffee shop located near the riverside near Café Brazil and a high price range. 

 The Mill is a cheap pub with a cheap price range. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a high priced pub located in the riverside area. It has a high customer rating. 

 The Phoenix is a cheap, cheap coffee shop located in riverside area near the riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a pub that is child friendly, located in the city centre and is child friendly. 

 Blue Spice is a pub serving English food in the riverside area of the riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a moderately priced fast food coffee shop in riverside. It is located in riverside area. 

 Zizzi is a pub that has an average rating. 

 The pub serves Indian food at a moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. 

 The Cricketers is an average rated, that is a highly rated, near All Bar One. They are located in the city centre and have an average customer rating and are not family - friendly. 

 The Vaults is a family - friendly pub in the city centre. It has a price range of less than £ 20. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Vaults is a moderately priced Italian pub near the city centre. It is a 3 out of 5. It has a customer rating of 5. 

 The Cricketers is a non - family - kid friendly coffee shop located near All Bar One, located near All Bar One, near All Bar One. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop located near Ranch. It is not family friendly. 

 Strada is a low rated three star restaurant that provides sushi. 

 The Mill is a fast food pub near the city centre. It is not family - friendly. 

 There is a family friendly coffee shop called Wildwood that provides Indian food at a cheap price range. It has a high customer rating. 

 Near The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop serving Italian food and is located near Ranch. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. 

 The Phoenix is an expensive pub in the city centre. It serves fast food. 

 The Waterman is an Italian restaurant that serves Italian food in the riverside area. It is kid friendly. 

 There is a restaurant called The Cricketers is a highly rated Italian restaurant called The Cricketers in the city centre. It is not children friendly. 

 The Punter is a Chinese restaurant in the city centre. It is located near Café Rouge. 

 The Wrestlers is a kid friendly pub that serves Italian food and is located in the city centre. 

 Giraffe is a pub that is family friendly, which serves fast food. 

 The Phoenix is a French food in the riverside area of 5 out of 5. It is a pub and serves French food. It is not family - friendly. 

 Zizzi is a coffee shop that is family - friendly. It has an average customer rating. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly Japanese coffee shop that is family - friendly pub near Café Brazil. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Phoenix is a French food restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. The customer rating is a customer rating of 5, and a 1 out of 5. 

 The Waterman is an Italian restaurant that serves Italian food. It is located in the riverside area and has a high customer rating. 

 The Vaults is a high priced Indian food restaurant located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is child friendly. 

 The Mill is a cheap coffee shop near the city centre near Café Sicilia. It's fast food for a cheap fast food coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced restaurant that is moderately priced and the city centre. 

 The Punter is a child friendly coffee shop near the Café Sicilia with a high price range. It is located near Café Sicilia. It has a high customer rating and is located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Phoenix is a pub, situated near the riverside area. They serve French food and are located in the riverside area near the riverside area. 

 Blue Spice serves English food and is not child friendly. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a cheap fast food restaurant located in riverside area. 

 Blue Spice is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves Italian food. 

 The Wrestlers is a moderately priced pub that is kid friendly, near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 Green Man serves Japanese food at the Green Man is family friendly. 

 The Vaults is a Japanese coffee shop located near the riverside near Café Adriatic. It is not child - friendly and it has a high price range of 3 out of 5 and is located near the Express by Holiday Inn. 

 The Vaults is a moderate price range pub in the city centre near Café Sicilia. It is located near Café Rouge and has a moderate price range. 

 The Phoenix is a kids friendly pub that serves French food in the riverside area, has a customer rating and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. 

 The Cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop serving Japanese food and is located near the Ranch. 

 The Mill is a pub located in the city centre. The Mill. It is not a pub serving fast food, and is located near Café Rouge. 

 Strada is a pub that offers low customer rating and is low. 

 Wildwood is a pub with a high customer rating of 1 out of 5 and drink. 

 Green Man is a pub in the riverside area near the riverside area near Café Rouge. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Indian food. It is family friendly. 

 The customer rated Italian food in the city centre has an average customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 The Green Man is a pub near the Green Man. It is not child friendly. It is located near the city centre near the center of the city. 

 A coffee shop that is a cheap Italian food located in riverside area near the riverside area near the riverside area. 

 The Plough is a Chinese pub that provides Chinese food in the riverside area near Café Rouge. It is located near Café Rouge. 

 Green Man is a family friendly pub that serves Italian food. It is located on the riverside. 

 The Portland Arms is a kid friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near The Cricketers. It is family friendly. It is moderately priced and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. 

 The Cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop near Ranch. It has a 1 out of 5 rating of 5. It is located near Café Rouge 

 The Vaults is a family friendly coffee shop that is family friendly in the city centre. It is family friendly. 

 The Vaults is a moderate priced moderately priced pub located near the city centre. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is kid friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near the Ranch. It is child friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a cheap coffee shop that is not family friendly. It is near the Express by Holiday Inn. 

 Strada is a French restaurant located in city centre with a customer rating of more than £ 30. 

 The Phoenix is a family - friendly pub that serves French food in the city centre. It is located in the city centre near the city centre. 

 The Phoenix is a kid friendly coffee shop with a high customer rating. It's located in riverside area of riverside area, has a high customer rating. 

 The Plough is a kid friendly Chinese restaurant that is called The Plough. It is near the Express by Holiday Inn. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near the Ranch. It serves cheap. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced restaurant. It is kid friendly. It is located near the river. 

 The Punter is a children friendly coffee shop that provides Indian food in the more than £ 30 price range of more than £ 30. It is located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese restaurant that serves Japanese food in Riverside. It is not family friendly. 

 The Punter is a moderately priced Chinese restaurant near Café Rouge that serves Chinese food. 

 Giraffe is a family friendly coffee shop which is family friendly. It has a customer rating of the riverside area. 

 Blue Spice is a pub serving English food in riverside area with a high customer rating and is high customer rating. 

 There is a pub called The Plough located near the Express by Holiday Inn. It is family friendly and the river near the Express by Holiday Inn. 

 The Phoenix is a kids - 25 pounds. It serves French food in Riverside. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly pub located near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is a pub with a family friendly place that offers Japanese food in riverside. 

 Near the riverside is a pub that provides Chinese food 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop in the Riverside area near All Bar One. 

 Blue Spice is a pub serving English food. It is located in riverside. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop with a price range of less than £ 20 pounds. They are not family friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food and is not family friendly. It has an average customer rating and is not family friendly. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced, moderately priced fast food pub with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop located near All Bar One. This restaurant with a price range of more than £ 30 and is more than £ 30. 

 The Mill is a cheap fast food coffee shop located in the city centre near Café Rouge. It is cheap and is family friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near Café Rouge with a high customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 Wildwood is a pub that serves Indian food. It is located in the riverside area near the riverside. 

 Green Man is a pub providing Japanese food located near the riverside area. It is in Riverside area. 

 The Waterman is a pub in riverside area. It is located on the riverside area near the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food and has an average customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located near Café Rouge. 

 Cocum is a pub with a high customer rating and has a high customer rating. 

 The Vaults is a pub providing Indian food in the high price range. It is children friendly and is located in the city centre. 

 The Mill is a high priced coffee shop that serves fast food in the city centre. It is located in the city centre. 

 Located on the riverside, The Waterman, serves Indian food with a high customer rating and is located in the riverside area. 

 The Punter is a child friendly restaurant with a high price range. It is in the riverside near The Punter. 

 Located near the riverside area near the Green Man pub, Green Man serves Japanese food. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop near Ranch. It is located near Ranch. It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. 

 The Vaults is a high priced pub located near The Vaults. It is child friendly and is located in the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a 5 out of 5 rating, a 5 customer rating of 5 and is located near the city centre near the city center. The Portland Arms. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese pub serving Japanese food in the city centre and is moderately priced. 

 A French food restaurant Wildwood is Wildwood is a French food. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop that offers French food in the city centre and is not family friendly. 

 Wildwood is a family friendly pub located in the city centre. It is located near the city centre. 

 The Phoenix is a low rated low priced restaurant in the riverside. It is not family - friendly and a low. 

 The Vaults is a moderate priced coffee shop, located near the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Vaults is a pub located near Café Brazil that is not kid friendly. It is located near Café Brazil. 

 The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Italian coffee shop in the riverside area. 

 The Punter is a moderately priced Indian coffee shop providing Indian food. It is located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is not kid friendly and is 1 out of 5. 

 The Mill is a mid priced pub serving English food at the riverside. 

 The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop that is located near Café Sicilia. It is kid friendly and is located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Wrestlers is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves Italian food. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Waterman is a pub that serves Italian food. It is located in Riverside. 

 The Punter is a cheap Italian coffee shop that has a low customer rating. It has an average customer rating. 

 The Vaults is a kids friendly pub serving Japanese food in the riverside area near the price range. It has a 3 out of 5 rating of 5. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop serving coffee shop near Ranch with a 1 out of 5 rating of 5. 

 The Punter is a cheap Italian coffee shop near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. 

 The Plough is a high priced Chinese restaurant that is located in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn. 

 The Cricketers is a low - friendly coffee shop near All Bar One. It is not family - friendly place near All Bar One in the city centre near All Bar One. 

 Cocum is a low rated, family friendly coffee shop with a low rating. 

 The Mill is an English food restaurant in the riverside area. It is not family - friendly and has a price range. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced pub located in the city centre. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop serving French food. It is not kid friendly and has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5. 

 The Plough is a cheap Chinese restaurant that serves Chinese food near Café Rouge. It is located near Café Rouge. 

 The Punter is a child friendly restaurant that offers food. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop near the riverside area. It is a coffee shop serving French food in Riverside near the cheap price range. 

 Wildwood is an Indian pub with a customer rating of city centre. It has a price range of less than £ 20. 

 Green Man is a pub, and kid friendly located near Café Rouge. It is located near Café Rouge in the riverside area. 

 The Punter is a restaurant that is a children friendly. It is near Café Sicilia. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near All Bar One that has a high customer rating of more than £ 30. It is a high customer rating. 

 The Waterman is a pub in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop near Ranch with a customer rating of 5. 

 The Phoenix is a moderately priced pub in the city centre. It is not family - friendly. It is located in the city centre. 

 A high priced Italian food in the city centre, with a price range of more than £ 30. 

 The Waterman is a Indian restaurant located in the city centre near the city centre. It is not kid friendly. 

 The Vaults is a child friendly pub located near the riverside area near The Vaults. The Vaults is located in riverside area. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese coffee shop serving Japanese food at £ 30. It is in the price range. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Plough is a non family - friendly restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre, price range. 

 The Vaults is a pub that offers Japanese food for the city centre. It is not kid friendly. 

 The Plough is a pub located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. It is not kid friendly and has a high price range and is not kid friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese restaurant which is not children friendly. It is not family - friendly and is not family friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a pub in the city centre. It is located in the city centre and has a moderate price range. 

 Green Man is a child friendly restaurant with a price range of the riverside area near All Bar One. 

 The Waterman is a pub located in Riverside area. They are children friendly. It is high prices are located in riverside area near the riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a pub located near the city centre near the city centre and a high price range, it is children - friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a pub in the riverside area. It is not kids friendly and is not family friendly. 

 The Punter is a moderately priced Indian restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not kid friendly. 

 The Waterman is a non child friendly Italian restaurant located in Riverside area. It is not kids friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a kids friendly coffee shop serving Italian food at a moderate price range. It has a moderate price range. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Vaults is a pub located near Café Rouge, it is near Café Rouge. It is kid friendly. 

 The Waterman is a family friendly Italian restaurant located in Riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a kid friendly pub located in riverside area, is a moderate price range. It is located near riverside. 

 The Phoenix is a French food, French pub in Riverside area and the riverside area and it is located in Riverside area. 

 The Mill is a coffee shop that serves Fast food. It is not kid friendly. It is not child friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 The Mill is a pub located in the riverside area near the riverside area near The Mill. It serves English food. 

 The Wrestlers is a moderately priced sushi establishment serving Japanese food in Riverside area. It is not kid friendly and is not kid friendly. 

 The Plough is an Indian pub located near Café Rouge. It serves Chinese food and is not family friendly. It is located near Café Rouge. 

 Giraffe is a pub serving fast food for a family friendly environment. 

 Blue Spice, near the family friendly and serves English food in the city centre. 

 In the city centre area is an English pub called Blue Spice. It serves English food. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Mill is a pub located at the riverside area. It serves English food in the riverside area. 

 Blue Spice is a kids friendly establishment that is family friendly. It is located near the river. 

 The Wrestlers is a kid friendly coffee shop in riverside area, family friendly Italian food. It serves Italian food and is moderately priced 

 The Waterman is a pub in the riverside area. It is not kid friendly. It serves Indian food. Its customer rating is moderate. 

 The Phoenix is a cheap Indian restaurant located in the riverside area. It is near the riverside area. It is family friendly and a 5 out of 5. 

 Blue Spice is a low - priced and a low customer rating. 

 The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Italian restaurant located near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not kids friendly. 

 In the riverside area, The Mill is a cheap pub serving English food and is not family friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese coffee shop providing Japanese food in the high price range. It is not child friendly. 

 Giraffe is a French restaurant that is not family friendly and is not family - friendly. 

 The Vaults is a child friendly pub in the city centre. It is a high customer rating is a high price range of more than £ 30. 

 A family friendly Indian Cuisine, located in the riverside area area. 

 The Cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 

 There is a cheap coffee shop that serves Indian food near The Vaults in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 A pub with a moderate price range. 

 The Mill is a family friendly place that serves English food for less than £ 20 and is located near Café Rouge. 

 The Vaults is a child friendly pub that provides moderately priced Italian food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 There is a kid friendly Italian restaurant called The Punter with a high customer rating. It is located near the riverside near Café Sicilia. 

 The Phoenix is a highly rated coffee shop in the riverside area near the riverside area. It is kid friendly and is located in the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a high priced coffee shop with high customer rating. 

 The Portland Arms is a cheap Chinese restaurant The Cricketers is not family - friendly. It has an average customer rating. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near Café Rouge that offers a family friendly atmosphere, has an average customer rating. 

 Giraffe is a pub that serves fast food in the city centre. It has a moderate price range of the city centre. 

 The Cricketers is a French restaurant located near All Bar One. It's not kid friendly. It has a high customer rating of £ 20 - 25. 

 The Mill is a high priced fast food coffee shop in riverside area. It is located in the riverside area. 

 Near The Cricketers is a kids friendly coffee shop with a rating of 3 out of 5, near Ranch. 

 The Vaults is a pub located near Café Adriatic in the riverside area near Café Rouge. It is family friendly pub. 

 The Mill is a pub in Riverside. It is located in the Riverside area. 

 Giraffe is a pub serving French food. It is not family friendly. It is located near the riverside and is not family - friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop located near Café Sicilia with an average customer rating and is not family - friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a coffee shop in the city centre. It serves fast food and is in the city centre. 

 There is a coffee shop called The Wrestlers with a moderate price range. It is not kid friendly and is located in city centre. 

 The Waterman is a pub near the riverside area. It is a pub that serves Indian food at a pub with a price range of more than £ 30. 

 A cheap Italian coffee shop named Wildwood is not family - friendly. 

 There is an Indian pub named Wildwood, located near Café Rouge in the riverside. 

 There is an Italian pub called Wildwood. It is not kid friendly. 

 The Vaults is a children friendly coffee shop in Riverside area near the riverside area. 

 The Wrestlers is a non family - friendly Japanese pub that is located near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Cricketers is a highly rated coffee shop that offers Indian food. 

 The Phoenix, the river, is a family - friendly coffee shop with a low customer rating. 

 Wildwood is a coffee shop with a price range of more than £ 30 and is located near the river near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Cricketers is a restaurant near the Ranch. It is not family - friendly with a low customer rating. 

 The Cricketers is a family - friendly pub located near the river that offers highly rated, near Café Rouge. 

 The Phoenix is a pub in the riverside area with a moderate price range. It is located in the Riverside area. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese coffee shop located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Green Man is a pub that offers Japanese food in the riverside area. It is not family friendly. 

 The Vaults is a pub located in the riverside area near the riverside area. It has a high price range and a high price range and is not kid friendly. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced coffee shop located in the city centre. It is moderately priced and has a moderate price range. 

 In the city centre is a pub called Blue Spice. It is not kid friendly. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub in the city centre. It is children friendly atmosphere. It is child friendly and has a price range of more than £ 30. 

 The Cricketers is an adult shop located near the Ranch. It is not child friendly. 

 The Mill is a pub in the riverside area near The Mill. It is a pub offering moderately priced food. 

 The Punter is a cheap Indian food coffee shop near the riverside near Café Sicilia. It is family friendly and has a cheap price range of 3 out of 5 customer rating. 

 The Mill is a pub located in the city centre. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Indian food. It is located near Café Sicilia and is near Café Sicilia. 

 The Cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop near the Ranch. 

 The Cricketers is a family - friendly coffee shop located near the city centre near All Bar One. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. 

 Blue Spice is a non - friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area. 

 Near All Bar One, The Cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop that has an average customer rating and is located near All Bar One. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop near the river and cheese. It's not family friendly. 

 Giraffe pub near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, is a pub that serves fast food. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop near Ranch and has a low customer rating. It is not family - friendly. 

 In the riverside area near the river there is a low - friendly pub called The Phoenix. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly French coffee shop near the riverside area. It has a customer rating. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Indian food, located near the Café Sicilia. It is not child friendly. It is children friendly and has a high customer rating. 

 The Waterman is a pub serving Indian food in the city centre, it has an average customer rating. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Phoenix is a low cost pub in the riverside area. It is not children friendly. The customer rating is not child friendly and has a price range of more than £ 30. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Café Sicilia with a price range less than £ 20 pounds. It is a price range of less than £ 20. 

 The Cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop serving English food near All Bar One. They are located near All Bar One, has a high customer rating of £ 20 - 25 and can be found near All Bar One. 

 The Wrestlers is a child friendly Japanese food place near Raja Indian Cuisine that is near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 Located in Riverside area near riverside area, The Phoenix is a high price range. 

 A pub named Green Man is located near All Bar One. 

 The Phoenix is a high priced Fast food restaurant that serves Fast food. 

 A family friendly French food, The Vaults is a moderate price range is a kid friendly, in riverside. 

 Wildwood is a French pub that serves French food. It is located in the riverside area near the riverside area. 

 Blue Spice is a pub that serves English food and is located in the riverside area. It is family friendly. 

 There is a child friendly coffee shop located near All Bar One called The Portland Arms called The Cricketers with high customer rating of £ 20 - 25. 

 The Cricketers is a children friendly, near the city centre. It is located near the Express by Holiday Inn. It is not kid friendly and has a 1 out of 5. 

 The Waterman pub located in the riverside area, there is not kids friendly. 

 Green Man is a child friendly pub that serves Italian food. It has a moderate price range. It is located near the riverside. 

 The Mill is a kids friendly pub serving Fast food in the moderate price range. It is located near Café Sicilia and has a moderate price range. 

 The Mill is a pub in the riverside area, is a pub that serves English food that is kid friendly. 

 The Plough is a kid friendly place that is located near All Bar One that is child friendly and is near All Bar One. 

 The Phoenix is a pub that is located in the riverside area near the riverside area. It has a low customer rating. 

 Blue Spice is a pub in riverside area near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. 

 The Portland Arms is a child friendly coffee shop near The Cricketers that serves English food with a high customer rating and the price range and has a high customer rating. 

 The Wrestlers is a children friendly coffee shop that serves Japanese food in the riverside area. 

 The Mill is a pub that serves fast food in the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a non kid friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating. It is not child friendly, near All Bar One. 

 The Phoenix is a children friendly coffee shop serving fast food and a high price range. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop near Ranch. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. 

 The Waterman is a non family friendly Indian restaurant that serves Indian food. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves English food. It is near the riverside near The Sorrento. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food. It is near All Bar One. It is located near All Bar One and has a high customer rating and has a high customer rating. 

 A family friendly coffee shop named Wildwood is in the city centre. It has an average customer rating. 

 There is a family friendly Indian restaurant called Wildwood that serves Indian food. 

 The Vaults is a kid friendly coffee shop in riverside near the riverside area near the riverside area. 

 The Wrestlers is a pub providing Japanese food in the price range. It is not children friendly and it is more than £ 30. 

 Giraffe is a fast food restaurant near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. 

 There is a pub near Café pub called The Vaults. It is located near Café Adriatic and a family friendly and is family friendly. 

 Green Man is a kid friendly pub near the riverside near the Green Man. 

 The Phoenix is a 5 out of 5 - friendly French pub in the riverside area with a 5 customer rating. It is family - friendly atmosphere. 

 The Waterman is a non family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near the riverside area near The Waterman. It is not family friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a child friendly fast food pub with a high price range in riverside area. It is located in Riverside area near the riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a pub in the city centre near the city centre area that serves fast food. It has a price range of less than £ 20. 

 The Cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop. It has a high customer rating and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 Giraffe is a family friendly, French pub near the Giraffe. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub in riverside area near the riverside area. The Vaults, and has a cheap price range is family friendly. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop that has a 1 out of 5 rating and is not kid friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a family friendly coffee shop located by the riverside. It is a family friendly pub in the riverside area. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced, serving English food and serves English food in the city centre. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 The Vaults is a kid friendly pub located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has a 3 out of 5 customer rating. It is near the riverside. 

 The Wrestlers is a kids friendly Italian coffee shop in the Riverside area that has a moderate price range. It is located in the riverside area and has a moderate. 

 The Phoenix is a pub that is a family friendly pub in the riverside area that serves French food and it's located near the riverside area. 

 There is a child friendly coffee shop called The Cricketers which has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is near Café Sicilia. 

 Giraffe is a pub located in the city centre. It is family friendly and is kids friendly. 

 The Punter is a moderately priced Indian coffee shop near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. It is located near Express by Holiday Inn. 

 The Phoenix is a French pub in riverside area. It is located riverside. 

 Near Ranch is a child friendly coffee shop named The Cricketers, near Ranch. 

 The Punter is a moderately priced Chinese restaurant in the city centre. It is not kid friendly. 

 The Mill is a pub that offers moderately priced less than £ 20 pounds in riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop that is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel near Crowne Plaza Hotel. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near Café Rouge with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. 

 The Cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop near Ranch and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. 

 There is a cheap coffee shop located near the city centre called The Punter which is not family - friendly. It has low customer rating. 

 The Punter is a kids friendly coffee shop located near the riverside near Café Sicilia. It is a moderate price range and has a moderate price range. 

 Blue Spice is a pub serving Chinese food in Riverside. It is child friendly. 

 The Phoenix serves Fast food in riverside area. It has a high customer rating, and is located in riverside area. It is not child friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a fast food pub in the city centre. It is in the city centre. It is moderate price range. 

 A family friendly French food restaurant named Wildwood is located near the riverside 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly restaurant that serves sushi and is near All Bar One. It is located near All Bar One. 

 Green Man is a pub that is not family friendly and is not child friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is located near All Bar One and has a customer rating and is located near All Bar One. 

 The Mill is a high priced pub near the riverside. It is located in the riverside area. 

 Green Man is a child friendly pub in the riverside area near All Bar One. 

 The Vaults is a pub near the city centre, The Vaults. They serve French food and is family friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Japanese food. It is rated 5 out of 5. 

 Giraffe is a children friendly restaurant near the riverside. 

 The Vaults is a family - friendly Japanese food pub in the city centre near The Vaults. It is a child friendly pub near Café Rouge. 

 The Cricketers is a highly rated restaurant near All Bar One. It is a non kids friendly coffee shop serving coffee shop near All Bar One. It is located near All Bar One. 

 The Phoenix is a high priced coffee shop located in riverside area. It is kid friendly. 

 Located near the city centre, there is a non - family - friendly pub that serves English food. It has a high price range. It is not child friendly and has a price range. 

 Near the riverside area is a pub that serves Japanese food. It is kid friendly. 

 The Waterman serves Indian food in the city centre. It is located in the city centre and is not kids friendly. 

 The Vaults is a low rated pub near the riverside, near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is a low rated coffee shop. 

 The Mill is a cheap pub that is a cheap Fast food pub in riverside area. 

 The Mill is a high priced, located near the city centre. It serves English food in the city centre. 

 Green Man is a kid friendly restaurant with a high price range. It is located in the riverside area near All Bar One. 

 The Punter, near Café Sicilia is an English food pub, in the price range. 

 The Waterman is a high priced Italian restaurant in the city centre. 

 The Mill, is a pub which serves English food at a pub that serves British food in the price range of less than £ 20. 

 The Punter is a moderately priced coffee shop located near the Café Sicilia. It is not child friendly and serves Indian food. It is not kids friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a French restaurant that is kid - friendly. It is a moderate price range. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop serving Indian food near the moderate price range. It is located near Café Sicilia. It is near Café Sicilia. 

 The Phoenix is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near the riverside area near the riverside area. This establishment. 

 The Waterman is a pub that serves Indian food in the riverside area. It is not kid friendly. It is located in riverside. 

 The Wildwood is a pub located near Ranch. It serves Indian food. 

 Zizzi is a highly rated, fast food restaurant. 

 Near Café, The Vaults is a pub serving Italian food in the riverside area, it's not family - friendly. 

 The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop in the price range less than £ 20, and a low customer rating. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near Ranch. It has an average customer rating and has an average customer rating. 

 The Phoenix is a family - friendly coffee shop located near The Phoenix. It is located by the river and offers meals at the riverside area. 

 There is a coffee shop located near the riverside area near the river near the riverside area near Café Brazil called The Vaults. It's called The Vaults. 

 The Phoenix is a pub located in the riverside area, but they serve French food. The Phoenix. 

 The Punter is an Indian coffee shop near Café Sicilia with an average customer rating. It is not kid friendly. It is located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Cricketers is a restaurant located near All Bar One, near All Bar One. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced, The Mill, moderately priced Indian restaurant located in the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a family - friendly, which serves English food and is located near Café Rouge in the Café Rouge. 

 The Giraffe is not family - friendly. They serve fast food. It is located near the city centre. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop with a rating of 5 out of 5 customer rating. It is family friendly,. 

 The Punter is a restaurant that serves Indian food in the price range and it is not kid friendly. They serve Indian food. It is not child friendly. 

 Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Indian food. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 customer rating of 5. 

 Blue Spice is a pub that is child friendly. It is near the riverside. 

 The Vaults is a pub, in the riverside area, near the riverside area, and is a kids friendly. 

 The Vaults, a pub which serves French food in the riverside area. It is not family - friendly. 

 Zizzi is a cheap coffee shop in Riverside. It has a cheap price range and has an average customer rating. 

 The Mill is a pub that is a pub in the riverside area, it is not children friendly. It has a high customer rating and it is located near the riverside area. 

 Green Man is a children friendly pub located in the riverside area. It is near All Bar One. 

 The Mill is a pub providing fast food in the city centre. It is a pub with a price range in the high price range. It is not child friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that is near the Ranch. It is child friendly. 

 The Waterman is a family - friendly pub in the city centre, and serves Indian food in the city centre. 

 Located near All Bar One is a kids friendly place called Green Man. It is family friendly Italian food. 

 The Giraffe is a coffee shop. It is not family friendly. It is located in the riverside area. 

 Green Man is a kid friendly place located in Riverside area near All Bar One. It has a high price range of £ 20 - 25. 

 The Mill is a pub that is not family friendly. It has a low customer rating. 

 The Cricketers is a Chinese restaurant that is not kid friendly and is not child friendly. 

 There is a cheap family friendly coffee shop called The Portland Arms. It's family friendly and has a 5 out of 5 out of 5 rating. 

 Green Man is a kid friendly pub near the riverside area near the riverside. It is located near All Bar One. 

 Zizzi has an average customer rating and has an average customer rating. 

 In riverside area is a riverside, The Phoenix pub which offers fast food in riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a pub in the riverside area, near the riverside area, and provides Fast food. 

 The Phoenix is a fast food restaurant in the city centre that has a high price range. It has a customer rating of more than £ 30. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop near the Ranch. It is not family friendly. It is near Ranch. 

 A high priced restaurant located in Riverside area, The Phoenix is located in the riverside area. 

 Giraffe is a pub in the city centre. It is not family - friendly and is not family - friendly. 

 The Vaults is a kid friendly Italian coffee shop near the riverside near the Café, located near Café Brazil, near the Café Sicilia. 

 Wildwood is a low priced pub providing Japanese food in the riverside. 

 The Phoenix is a Fast food restaurant in Riverside area near the riverside area. 

 The Punter is a high priced coffee shop that offers Indian food at high price range is located near the Express by Holiday Inn. It has a high customer rating. 

 The Waterman is a non family - friendly coffee shop with a low customer rating. It is located in the city centre near the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Mill is a pub that serves fast food with an average customer rating in the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a moderately priced restaurant located in the city centre. It is not kid friendly. It is not kids friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a cheap fast food pub located near the river. It serves fast food. 

 The Waterman is a non family - friendly restaurant in riverside area. It is located in the riverside area and has a low customer rating. 

 The Phoenix is a fast food restaurant located at the riverside area. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a family - friendly coffee shop located near Ranch. It has an average customer rating of 5 out of 5. 

 Zizzi is a pub which serves Chinese food. 

 The Mill is a fast food pub in the city centre with a high customer rating. It is located near Café Rouge. 

 Near the riverside area, The Green Man pub is kid friendly. It is near the riverside. 

 The Waterman is a pub in the city centre. It has a price range of less than £ 20 pounds and is not family friendly. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near The Vaults. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Portland Arms is a non family - friendly restaurant called The Cricketers is not family friendly and is not family friendly. 

 There is a coffee shop called Wildwood that serves Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located near to Ranch. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre near Café Sicilia. It has a high price range is child friendly and is called The Punter. 

 The Mill is a coffee shop that serves fast food with an average customer rating. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop that is located in the city centre. It serves Japanese food. 

 Blue Spice is a children friendly place that is kid friendly and has a price range of £ 20 - 25. 

 The Punter is a pub near the city centre near Café Sicilia that serves English food and has a high price range. 

 The Punter is a pub located near Café Sicilia in the riverside area. It is kid friendly pub with a high price range of more than 30. 

 Clowns pub serves cheap price range. 

 The Punter is a highly rated coffee shop providing Indian food in the more than £ 30 and is child friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a moderately priced Fast food restaurant in riverside area. It is located in the riverside area. 

 There is a child friendly coffee shop called Wildwood in the price range. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced pub that is moderately priced, not kid friendly. 

 The Wrestlers coffee shop located in Riverside. It is a cheap price range is located in the City centre area near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Vaults is a moderately priced Italian coffee shop located near the riverside near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café 

 The Cricketers is a pub located near the city centre near All Bar One and is a highly rated restaurant located near All Bar One. It is not children friendly. 

 The Vaults is a pub in the city centre near the moderate price range and is The Vaults. 

 The Wrestlers is a family - friendly coffee shop that serves Japanese food for less than £ 20, and has a price range of less than 20. 

 Green Man is a pub serving Italian food in the riverside area. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is an expensive, located near All Bar One and has a high customer rating and child friendly atmosphere and serves fast food near All Bar One. 

 The Vaults is a child friendly pub in the price range and is located near the city centre near Café Rouge. It is a high. 

 The Vaults is a kid friendly coffee shop. It is located in riverside. It is kid friendly and is child friendly. 

 The Waterman is a child friendly Italian coffee shop located on the river. 

 The Vaults is a cheap coffee shop in the riverside area. It is not child friendly. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly, near All Bar One in the city centre, that provides French food in the city centre area. It has a cheap price range is family friendly and is high customer rating. 

 The Vaults is a kid friendly pub located near the city centre near the city centre, has a moderate price range and is called The Vaults. 

 The Phoenix, is a pub in the riverside area. It is located in riverside area near the riverside area,. 

 The Vaults is a pub with high price range in the high price range. It is located near the Café Brazil. It is not child friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese restaurant with low customer rating and is not family friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a kid friendly Japanese food pub that is located in the riverside area. It is kid friendly. 

 The Vaults is a child friendly pub in the city centre, Japanese pub in the city centre. It is average. 

 The Mill is a coffee shop that is located near the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Waterman is a non family - friendly restaurant located in the city centre. It is not family - friendly and has a price range. 

 Cotto is a Japanese restaurant near The Portland Arms. 

 The Phoenix is a non - family - friendly coffee shop in Riverside area near the riverside area. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Waterman is a high priced Indian pub in riverside area. It is located in the riverside area. It is not kid friendly and is located in riverside. 

 Clowns is a pub located near Clare Hall. 

 The Mill is a Fast food pub located in the city centre. It is an average priced Fast food pub. 

 The Mill, is a moderately priced restaurant located near Café Rouge. It is located near Café Rouge. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop near All Bar One. It has a cheap price range is near All Bar One. 

 Blue Spice is a family friendly restaurant located near Avalon in riverside area. 

 There is a children friendly coffee shop located near All Bar One called The Portland Arms with a high customer rating. It is near The Portland Arms. 

 The Waterman is a high priced Indian food restaurant in the riverside area. It is children friendly and is located in the riverside area. 

 The Mill is a pub providing Fast food in the city centre area that serves fast food. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Wrestlers is a low priced Japanese coffee shop in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Mill is a coffee shop in the riverside area near the riverside area near The Sorrento. It is not family friendly. 

 The Punter is a kid friendly establishment that serves English food in the riverside. It is near Café Sicilia. 

 The Plough is an adult only Chinese restaurant located in the riverside area. It is not family friendly and is not kid friendly. 

 Giraffe is a child friendly coffee shop in the riverside area. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly pub, child friendly pub near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is child friendly, it's called The Wrestlers. 

 Wildwood is a pub that offers Indian food in the city centre. 

 The Punter is a moderate priced Chinese restaurant near The Portland Arms. It is located near The Portland Arms. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Indian food in the riverside area near the riverside area. It is not family friendly. It is average. Its customer rating is average. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub called The Vaults. It serves Italian food and is located near the river. 

 The Vaults is a pub located in the riverside area near the riverside area near The Vaults. 

 Strada pub, Strada has an average customer rating. 

 The Phoenix is a Fast food restaurant that is located in the riverside area. It has a price range of less than £ 20 and is not family - friendly. 

 The Punter is a kid friendly pub that is located near Café Sicilia. It is located near Café Sicilia. 

 Blue Spice is a kid friendly restaurant that serves English food in riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a cheap fast food pub located in Riverside. 

 In the moderate price range of £ 20 - 25, The Vaults is a kids friendly pub with a price range. It is located near Café Brazil. 

 Near Ranch there is a coffee shop called The Cricketers which is child friendly. 

 The Vaults is a kid friendly pub in the price range of 5. It has a high price range of 3 out of 5 and is kids friendly. 

 Green Man is a children friendly pub serving Japanese food. It is located in the riverside area near the riverside area. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced coffee shop that provides Indian food. It is located near The Sorrento in riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop that serves Indian food in the riverside area. It is family friendly. It is near the riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a French restaurant that is a French food restaurant in the city centre. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop near The Vaults which offers French food. It is family friendly environment. It is located in the riverside. 

 The Cricketers is a cheap restaurant located in the city centre near All Bar One, near All Bar One. It has an average customer rating is not family friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food at the moderate price range. 

 The Punter, near the city centre is a moderately priced Chinese food restaurant with a moderate price range. 

 The Phoenix is a coffee shop in riverside area with a price range of less than £ 20. It is located in Riverside area. 

 In Riverside is a moderate price range. It is not family friendly, moderately priced and is moderately priced restaurant near The Wrestlers. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near Ranch. It is near Ranch. 

 Near Ranch is a family friendly pub called The Cricketers. 

 The Wrestlers is a pub near Raja Indian Cuisine, The Wrestlers that serves Japanese food for children friendly. It is located in the riverside. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that is near Café Sicilia. 

 The Mill is a highly rated English restaurant located in the city centre near Café Rouge. 

 Giraffe is a pub that provides Fast food in the city centre. 

 The Phoenix is a French coffee shop serving French food in the city centre. It is not family - friendly. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Waterman is located in the riverside area. It serves Italian food. It is not child friendly. 

 Blue Spice is a coffee shop that is in the city centre. 

 Located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre area near Raja Indian Cuisine, The Wrestlers, called The Wrestlers is not child friendly, and is not kids friendly. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly Japanese restaurant that is not family - friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a 5 out of 5, and is a cheap restaurant in the riverside area. It is not family - friendly. It has a customer rating of 5 rating of 5. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop near All Bar One, near All Bar One. It's highly rated and is near All Bar One. 

 Giraffe pub is a family friendly pub that serves fast food and is located in the city centre. 

 Near the city centre is a non - friendly pub named Green Man. It is not family friendly and has a price range. 

 The Mill is a children friendly coffee shop with a high price range and a high price range. It is located near Café Rouge. 

 The Vaults is a pub located in the city centre near the city centre near Café Rouge. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a Fast food place with a high price range. It is located in riverside. 

 The Phoenix is a pub located riverside and sells fast food. It has a high price range and is not kids friendly. 

 The Plough is a high priced restaurant near The Plough near to The Plough. It is not child friendly. 

 The Portland Arms is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the city centre near The Portland Arms, near The Cricketers. It is not family friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 out of 5. 

 Near Café Sicilia, The Cricketers is a child friendly restaurant located near Café Sicilia 

 A family friendly pub called The Cricketers near Café Sicilia is family friendly. 

 Green Man is a kids friendly restaurant located in riverside area near the riverside area near All Bar One. 

 A fast food pub that is near the riverside called Giraffe is family friendly and has a customer rating of the riverside area. 

 The Punter is an Indian coffee shop in the riverside area near the riverside area. It is near Café Sicilia. It is kid friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a French food in the city centre near the city centre. It is a family - friendly French food place with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub called The Vaults near the river. It is family friendly and is family friendly. 

 The Vaults is a cheap Indian coffee shop providing Indian food in riverside. 

 Clowns is a pub located in the city centre. 

 Cocum is a pub with a high customer rating of 3 out of 5. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop which serves French food in Riverside. It has a moderate price range. 

 Near the river, The Cricketers is a kid friendly restaurant called The Portland Arms. It is not kid friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a moderately priced, a kids friendly restaurant near All Bar One. It is family - friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is kid friendly. 

 The Mill is an English restaurant that serves English food in riverside area. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a French coffee shop that offers wine in the riverside area with a price range of £ 20 - 25. 

 The Punter is a moderately priced coffee shop in the city centre near the city centre. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. 

 The Mill is a pub in the riverside area, is a high price range and a high price range. 

 The Phoenix is a pub in the city centre. It has a high price range. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Punter is a kid friendly coffee shop with high customer rating and is located near the Café Sicilia. 

 The Mill is a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area near the riverside area. It is called The Sorrento. 

 Blue Spice is a family friendly restaurant located on the riverside. 

 The Vaults is a pub located near the riverside area near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, it is not child friendly and is near the Express by customers. It is not child friendly. 

 Near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside area, The Phoenix is a family friendly restaurant that offers a high price range. 

 The Punter is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves Indian food. It is near the customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is moderately priced. 

 There is a cheap Indian coffee shop named The Phoenix in the city centre that is located in the city centre area. 

 The Mill is a highly priced pub that serves English food. They are not child friendly. It is not suitable for a children. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop near the riverside, family friendly coffee shop, near Café Sicilia. It has an average customer rating. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Italian food. It is located in the riverside area and is kids friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a child friendly pub located in riverside area. It has a high price range. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a pub on the riverside near the river. It has a price range of less than £ 20 

 The Phoenix is a kid friendly Fast food pub located in city centre and serves fast food. 

 The Mill is a family friendly pub in the riverside area. It is located in riverside area. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the city centre area near The Punter. It is average customer rating and is located near Café Sicilia. 

 Giraffe is a pub that serves French food and is not family - friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop providing cheap and is near the city centre near All Bar One. It is located near All Bar One. 

 In riverside area is a pub in Riverside area near Avalon. 

 The Phoenix is a child - priced and serves fast food in the city centre. It has a high customer rating. 

 A French food coffee shop is Giraffe. It is not family friendly and is located near the riverside. 

 Near The Punter is a pub near Café Sicilia, located near Café Sicilia in the riverside area. 

 Located near the city centre called Wildwood is a Japanese restaurant with a moderate price range. 

 The Mill is a child friendly coffee shop near Café Brazil located near Café Brazil in riverside area. 

 Green Man is a pub located on the riverside. It is child friendly and is in the riverside. 

 Near Café, The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Italian food. It is not family friendly and has a high price range and is not children friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a pub that is not family - friendly. It serves French food in the city centre. It has an average customer rating, but is located in the city centre. 

 Loch Fyne is an Indian restaurant with an average customer rating. 

 Near Café Sicilia there is a cheap coffee shop called The Punter, it is located near Café Sicilia. It has an average customer rating and cheap. 

 Blue Spice is an averagely priced Chinese pub in the city centre. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. 

 The Punter is a kid friendly pub that serves English food in the price range. It is near Café Rouge. It is located near Café Rouge. 

 The Waterman is a high price range pub in the city centre. It has a high price range. 

 The Wrestlers coffee shop, near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area, and is children friendly. 

 The Mill is an inexpensive restaurant in the riverside area. It is not kid friendly. 

 A fast food restaurant called Giraffe is not family friendly. 

 The Punter is an English pub near Café Rouge in the price range near Café Rouge. 

 There is a 3 out of 5 and a moderately priced, located in the riverside area near All Bar One, The Portland Arms. 

 The Phoenix serves fast food in the city centre is a pub that serves fast food. It is not family - friendly and is not family - friendly. 

 The Vaults is a pub providing Italian food in riverside area near the riverside area. It is located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Phoenix is a pub in the city centre near the £ 20 - 25 price range is not kid - 25. It is not kid friendly. It has a high customer rating. 

 Giraffe is a pub located in the city centre. It is not family - friendly and is not family friendly. 

 In riverside near the riverside area near the Green Man, The Waterman pub that is children friendly. 

 Green Man is a family friendly restaurant located in the riverside area. It is near Café Rouge. 

 The Mill is a pub in Riverside area that serves English food. It is located in riverside area. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop. It's a family friendly Italian food and is near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 There is a cheap coffee shop called The Phoenix that is located by the riverside and it 't family - friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a family friendly Indian coffee shop that is located in the city centre near the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5. It is 5. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop providing French food in riverside area. It is located in Riverside. 

 The Punter is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop that serves Italian food, is located near Café Sicilia. It has a cheap. 

 The Cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Café Rouge, and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 customer rating of 5. 

 The Mill is a fast food coffee shop providing Fast food in the city centre. It has a moderate price range. 

 The Wildwood pub serving Italian food with a price range of more than £ 30. It is located near the riverside. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced pub that serves fast food in the city centre area near Café Rouge. 

 The Phoenix is a French restaurant located in the city centre. It has a low customer rating and has a low customer rating. 

 Giraffe pub, Giraffe is a child friendly pub which serves fast food. 

 The Punter is a mid priced Indian coffee shop that is located near Café Sicilia. It is family friendly. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre area near The Vaults. They serve French food. 

 The Mill is a high priced coffee shop that is not a high priced fast food in the city centre. It is not children friendly. 

 The Vaults is a pub serving Japanese food in the price range of £ 20 - 25, called The Vaults. It is located near the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop near Ranch, near the Ranch. 

 Wildwood is a pub that is located near Café Rouge. 

 Giraffe pub is a pub that serves fast food and is children friendly. It is near the riverside. 

 There is a kid friendly place called Blue Spice located in riverside area near Avalon 

 The Waterman is a coffee shop serving Indian food at a moderate price range. It is located in the riverside. It is not kid friendly. 

 Strada is a pub that is a pub that serves Indian food and has a high rating. 

 The Vaults, near the center, near the prices are high price range and the Café Brazil is a high priced Japanese pub. The Vaults. 

 Near Ranch is a family friendly coffee shop named The Portland Arms. It has an average customer rating and has an average rating. 

 Blue Spice is a family friendly pub that serves English food. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a pub near the pub in the Riverside area, it is not family - friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a French pub near the city centre with a high customer rating. It has a high customer rating and it has a high customer rating. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop in the city centre with a high customer rating. It is not kid friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a kids friendly French coffee shop that serves French food in riverside and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 The Mill is a moderate priced, situated near the river. It is kids friendly and is a moderately priced. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese pub that serves Japanese food at £ 20 - 25. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside. 

 The Portland Arms is a cheap coffee shop located near The Portland Arms, family friendly coffee shop. It is located near The Portland Arms. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly French food French coffee shop located in the riverside area. It is kid friendly. 

 The Mill is a high priced, near the river. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese restaurant that serves Japanese food. It is not family friendly. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Italian food. It is family friendly, and is located near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly, serving Japanese food for a family friendly, with a low customer rating, near All Bar One. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop near the riverside near Café Sicilia. It has a price range of less than £ 20. It is not family friendly and it is located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Wrestlers is an adult friendly Japanese coffee shop serving Japanese food and is not kid friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a French pub in the city centre. It has a 5 out of 5. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Mill is a coffee shop with high price range of more than £ 30 and the riverside near Café Sicilia. 

 The Punter is an averagely priced coffee shop that is family - friendly and located near the city centre. 

 The Cricketers is a high priced family friendly coffee shop with a customer rating. It is near All Bar One. 

 The Vaults is a Japanese pub that is a Japanese food at the riverside area. It is in the riverside area near the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a high customer rating, near All Bar One and a children friendly, near All Bar One. 

 The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Italian restaurant that is family friendly and yes and is child friendly. 

 The Phoenix is an Indian coffee shop located in the city centre. It has a 5 out of 5 out of 5 rating of 5. It has a customer rating of 5. 

 The Phoenix is a French food place that is located in the city centre. It has a high customer rating and has a high customer rating. 

 The Phoenix, a fast food pub is not a high priced, located in the riverside area. It is not child - friendly. 

 The Mill is a child friendly pub near Café Rouge in the high price range. It's located in Riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is not family friendly. It is located in the city centre near All Bar One and has a cheap. 

 The Punter is a high priced Indian coffee shop providing Indian food with a 1 out of 5 customer rating. 

 The Punter is a kid friendly coffee shop with a high price range. 

 The Plough is a pub that provides Chinese food in the less than £ 20 price range. It is not family friendly. It is located near Café Rouge. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near Ranch. It serves Indian food. It has a customer rating of 5. 

 The Mill is a pub that serves English food. It is located in riverside. 

 The Cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Punter is a family friendly Italian food restaurant located near the city centre near The Portland Arms. It is family friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a coffee shop near The Phoenix. It is not family - friendly. It is located in the riverside area near the riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub serving French food in the city centre. It is kid friendly environment with a moderate price range. 

 The Cricketers is a restaurant near All Bar One with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is located near All Bar One. 

 Blue Spice is a Chinese restaurant near the name Blue Spice. It is located in the riverside. 

 The Mill is a cheap Fast food pub located in the city centre near Café Rouge. It is not family - friendly. It is located near Café Rouge. 

 The Waterman is a pub located in the city centre that serves Indian food in city centre and offers Indian food. 

 There is a kid friendly place called The Phoenix located in riverside area near riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a family friendly coffee shop in Riverside that serves fast food in the city centre. It is moderately priced food. 

 The Phoenix is a family - friendly pub in the riverside area near the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a family - friendly coffee shop serving Italian food and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. 

 The Green Man is a pub providing Indian food. It is near All Bar One in the riverside. 

 The Plough is a high priced Chinese restaurant located near the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. It is kid friendly and is near Café Rouge. 

 Blue Spice is a kid friendly restaurant located in riverside area near the Riverside area. 

 Wildwood is a pub that serves French food. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub near Café Brazil in the riverside area. The Vaults is a pub near Café Brazil. It is not family friendly. 

 The Phoenix, is a pub located near the riverside and serves French food in riverside area. It has a high price range. It is not child friendly. 

 In riverside area, a child - priced fast food restaurant, The Phoenix. 

 There is a fast food coffee shop called The Mill, located in the city centre near Café Sicilia. It is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating. 

 Blue Spice is a kid friendly pub offering English food. It is located in Riverside. 

 Giraffe pub that is a family friendly with a high customer rating. 

 Green Man is a children friendly restaurant located in the riverside area. It is near All Bar One. 

 The Vaults is a cheap Japanese pub near Café Adriatic located near Café Rouge in the city centre. It is not family - friendly and is not family - friendly. 

 The Punter is an adult only pub located in the riverside area near Café Sicilia. It is not kids friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a mid - priced Italian restaurant that is family friendly and cost. 

 The Wrestlers is a child friendly pub located in the Riverside. They are £ 20 - 25. They serve Japanese food at £ 20 - 25. 

 Green Man is a pub in the riverside area near the riverside area. It has a price range of the riverside area. 

 Near Ranch is a coffee shop near Ranch. It is children friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese coffee shop in the riverside area. They serve Japanese food. 

 The Phoenix is a pub which is a high customer rating that has a high customer rating and a high customer rating and has a high customer rating of the riverside area. 

 Green Man is a Japanese pub in the riverside area near All Bar One. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop with a price range of more than £ 30. It is located near Café Brazil. 

 The Cricketers is a restaurant located near Café Rouge that offers English food and is not family - friendly. It is located near Café Rouge. It is not child friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a pub providing Italian food in the moderate price range. It is not kids friendly. It is not family - friendly. 

 Giraffe is a pub in riverside area and a high price range. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese food coffee shop that has a price range of less than £ 20 and is less than £ 20 pounds. 

 The Mill is a moderate priced pub in the city centre. They serve English food at moderate price range. 

 The Vaults is a Japanese coffee shop near the moderate prices between 20 - 25 and has a moderate price range. It is not kid friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a pub located near the riverside area. It is a pub located in the riverside area. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced, it is a child - friendly fast food coffee shop that provides fast food. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 3 out of 5. 

 Giraffe is a kid friendly coffee shop with a moderate price range of £ 20 - 25. It is located in the Riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a French pub in the riverside area that offers French food in Riverside area. It has a customer rating. It is not a price range is not kid friendly and has a 3 out of 5 rating of 5. 

 Loch Fyne is an English restaurant located in riverside 

 Giraffe is a family - friendly pub with a price range of the riverside. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating of 5. 

 Green Man is a children friendly Italian restaurant in the riverside area near the riverside area. 

 The Punter is a non family - friendly coffee shop in the city centre near the high price range. It is not child friendly and has an average customer rating and is average customer rating. 

 Cocum is a pub with a high customer rating. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop located near the riverside near Café Sicilia with an average customer rating. It is not children friendly. 

 Green Man is a child friendly and located near the riverside area. It serves Japanese food. 

 The Mill is a pub located in the city centre and a Fast food pub. It has a low customer rating. 

 Near Café Sicilia is a high priced coffee shop that is not kid friendly, with a high customer rating and a high customer rating of 5. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop that provides English food in the high price range near Café Rouge. It's located near Café Rouge 

 The Mill is a mid priced coffee shop located in the city centre with moderate price range. 

 The Cricketers is an Italian coffee shop near the Ranch. It has a low customer rating. It is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating and it is near Ranch. 

 In the Wildwood is a Italian coffee shop near the Ranch. It serves Italian food. 

 The Phoenix, in the riverside area, is a kid - friendly pub in the riverside area. 

 The Mill is a high priced Italian pub called The Mill. It has a high customer rating. It has a high customer rating. 

 The Mill is a family friendly restaurant located in the city centre near the city centre. It has a low customer rating. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop in the city centre, near the city centre. It is not child friendly. It has a high customer rating and has a high customer rating of 3 out of 3 out of 5. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly pub with a low customer rating. 

 Wildwood is an Italian pub that is located near the city centre. It is not kids friendly. 

 The Punter is a highly rated, Italian restaurant located in the riverside. 

 The Cricketers is a child friendly pub. It is near the Ranch. It is near Ranch. 

 The Wrestlers coffee shop that provides Japanese food in riverside. It is kid friendly. 

 The Punter is a moderately priced coffee shop that is not kid friendly, but has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 The Waterman is a child friendly Italian restaurant that serves Italian food in the city centre. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It has a low customer rating. It is located near Café Sicilia. 

 Clowns is a pub located near Clare Hall. 

 Green Man is a pub located near the city centre. It is not kids friendly and is not family - friendly. 

 The Vaults is a pub located in the city centre near the city centre. It is a family friendly, is an Indian Cuisine. 

 The Vaults is a low priced pub located near Café Sicilia in the city centre. The Vaults is not family - friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop near Ranch and has a high customer rating. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub in the city centre. It has a high price range. It is kid friendly. 

 The Cricketers is an average rated Chinese coffee shop that serves Chinese food. It is not family friendly. It is located in the city centre and is not family friendly. 

 There is a coffee shop in the city centre near the city centre. It is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop located near All Bar One that has a 1 out of 5 customer rating of 5. It is located in the city centre near All Bar One. 

 The Mill is a Fast food pub that serves fast food in the riverside area. 

 The Waterman is an Indian restaurant in riverside area and family friendly, it is kid friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a high rated, a child friendly coffee shop located near the city centre, high priced and has an average customer rating and is not child friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a family - friendly French restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. 

 The Mill is a cheap pub that is cheap price and family friendly. It has a cheap price range. 

 The Cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop near Ranch. It is near Ranch. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 Green Man is a pub serving Japanese food in the riverside area. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a French pub located in the riverside area. It is a cheap and is family - friendly pub. 

 The Mill is a family friendly pub with a price range. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop providing Indian food with a high customer rating. It is located in the city centre. It is not child friendly and a high price range. 

 There is a coffee shop called The Vaults near the riverside called The Vaults. It is not family friendly. 

 Near Café Sicilia there is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Japanese food and has an average customer rating. It is called The Portland Arms. 

 There is a children friendly and a high customer rating and has a high customer rating called The Cricketers near All Bar One that is children friendly. 

 The Vaults is a French coffee shop located in the riverside area. It is family friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a highly rated coffee shop with a high customer rating and provides a high customer rating and is not kid friendly. 

 Clowns is a coffee shop. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. 

 The Mill is a high priced coffee shop in riverside. 

 Green Man is a pub in the riverside area near the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a kids friendly coffee shop located near All Bar One. It is near All Bar One. 

 The Mill is a child friendly coffee shop that serves French food in the riverside area. It has a low price range. 

 The Punter is a cheap Indian restaurant with a cheap price range of average rating. The Punter is located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Mill is a cheap pub with a 5 out of 5 customer rating. It is located in the riverside area. 

 Giraffe is a fast food restaurant that is family friendly. It is family friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub located near Café Brazil in the riverside area. It is located near Café Brazil. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced coffee shop that is located in the city centre. It has a moderate price range is not kids - friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food near Café Rouge. It is located near Café Rouge. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub located near Café Brazil. It is near Café Rouge. 

 Blue Spice is a cheap. It is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. 

 The Cricketers is an average rated restaurant that is not family - friendly. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly coffee shop that is near The Vaults. It is family friendly and is child friendly. 

 Giraffe is a fast food pub in the city centre. It is not kid friendly. It is not kid friendly and is located in the city centre. 

 The Waterman, a kid friendly Indian food in the city centre, is family friendly Indian food, moderately priced Indian food. 

 The Cricketers coffee shop has a customer rating of 1 out of 5, is a 1 out of 5 and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating 1 out of 5. 

 Green Man is a family friendly pub that serves Italian food. It is located in riverside area near the riverside area near the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a kid friendly restaurant near Ranch. 

 The Cricketers is a family - friendly restaurant near the Ranch, that is family friendly. 

 The Waterman is a family friendly Italian restaurant with a low customer rating. 

 The Mill is a pub, moderately priced fast food pub located in the riverside area. 

 The Wrestlers is a moderate priced coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 Located in Riverside near the riverside area, Green Man is a child friendly pub serving Japanese food. 

 In the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine, The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Indian Cuisine. 

 Strada is a pub that serves Indian food and has a 1 out of 5. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre. They have a price range of more than £ 30. It is more than £ 30. 

 The Cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. 

 The Waterman is an Indian food pub that serves Indian food. It is not kids friendly and is located in the city centre. 

 The Vaults is an average priced, it is not family - friendly pub in the city centre and a coffee shop that is not family - friendly. 

 The Waterman is a pub in the city centre. It is family - friendly and is located in the city centre. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Café Sicilia and serves Indian food in the city centre area. It is family friendly environment with low customer rating. 

 The Wrestlers is a children friendly pub that serves Italian food at price range of more than £ 30. It is children friendly. 

 Giraffe is a pub providing fast food for children friendly environment. It has a customer rating of less than £ 20. 

 Green Man is a child friendly pub that serves Italian food. It is located near the riverside area near the riverside area near Café Rouge. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly restaurant that has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and has a customer rating of 5. 

 Giraffe is a child friendly venue located on the riverside area and is near the riverside. 

 The Phoenix is a kid friendly pub in the riverside area and has a high customer rating. It is a price range is located in the riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a low priced coffee shop in the city centre. It has a low customer rating. 

 The Plough is a pub serving Chinese food in the high price range and is family friendly. It is called The price range. 

 The Phoenix is a moderately priced coffee shop in the city centre. It is kid friendly and the city centre. 

 The Phoenix is a family - friendly pub located in the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a 5 star coffee shop serving cheap and is near Café Rouge with a 5 out of 5 out of 5. It has a customer rating of 5. 

 The Punter is an Italian pub located near the city centre near the city centre near Café Sicilia. It is not child friendly and has a high customer rating 

 Blue Spice is an English food in riverside area. It is not family - friendly. It is located in riverside area. 

 Blue Spice is a family friendly restaurant in Riverside. It is kid friendly and is near the average price range. 

 The Cricketers is a highly rated coffee shop near to All Bar One. It is not family friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near the Ranch. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia that is children friendly with average customer rating. 

 The Phoenix is a French restaurant in riverside. It is a kids friendly restaurant with a 3 out of 5 customer rating. 

 There is a non child friendly restaurant called The Plough that is not kid friendly, not kids friendly. 

 The Mill is located near the city centre near the city centre. They serve English food. It's not family friendly and can be found near the center of the city centre area. 

 The Mill is a pub that serves English food at the riverside area. It is located on the river. 

 Near All Bar One there is a 5 out of 5 and family - friendly coffee shop called The Portland Arms. It is not family friendly. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is not family friendly. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub near the riverside near Café Adriatic. It has a cheap prices. 

 The Cricketers is a kids friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near All Bar One. It's child friendly environment. It is near All Bar One. 

 There is a cheap coffee shop that serves Japanese food in the Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Mill is a moderate priced, moderately priced restaurant located near the river. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced Italian restaurant that serves moderately priced and is not kid friendly. 

 Giraffe is a child friendly pub that serves fast food in the riverside area. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced coffee shop located near The Sorrento in the riverside area near The Mill. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly pub with a child friendly pub located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. It is called The Wrestlers. 

 The Punter is a moderate priced coffee shop that serves Indian food at a moderate price range and kids friendly. It is located in the riverside. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese restaurant with a price range of less than £ 20 and is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a kid friendly Japanese pub that is located near the riverside near Café Rouge. 

 Blue Spice is a family friendly restaurant which has a low customer rating. It is located near the riverside. 

 The Vaults is a pub located in the city centre near the city centre. The price range is not family friendly and serves French food. 

 The Cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop located near Café Rouge and is located near Café Rouge. It serves English food. 

 Blue Spice is an English pub, it is located in the riverside. 

 Located in riverside area, The Phoenix is a cheap French food coffee shop located in riverside area. 

 In riverside area near the riverside area, there is a high price range restaurant called The Phoenix. 

 Zizzi pub, has a high customer rating. 

 The Phoenix is a French pub with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 customer rating. It is located near the riverside. 

 The Vaults is a child friendly pub near Café Brazil that serves French food with a high customer rating. 

 The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Phoenix is a highly rated Indian coffee shop that serves Indian food in the riverside. It is not kid friendly. 

 The Cricketers is an Italian restaurant near All Bar One. It has a customer rating. It is not child friendly and is located in the city centre. 

 The Phoenix is a French pub located in the riverside area. It has a 5 out of 5 rating. 

 The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating and is located near the city centre near the Café Sicilia. 

 Blue Spice is a coffee shop serving Japanese food. It is near Avalon. It is located near the riverside. 

 The Plough is a high priced restaurant in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. 

 Blue Spice serves English food and is in the city centre. It is family friendly. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Mill is a coffee shop in riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 Blue Spice serves Chinese food and is in riverside area. It is family friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a coffee shop with a low customer rating and is located in the city centre. 

 There is a pub called The Vaults that is kid friendly. It is located near the riverside that is kid friendly. 

 Located in the riverside area, The Vaults is a pub with an average rating. It is an average customer rating. 

 The Phoenix is a French food in Riverside area, 1 out of 5 rating, 1 out of 5, riverside area. It is a mid - - range and is moderately priced French pub. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop with average customer rating. It is not family - friendly and has average customer rating. 

 The Phoenix is a mid - priced pub in the riverside area near the riverside area. It has a rating of 5 customer rating of 3 out of 5. 

 The Mill is a coffee shop that is located in the city centre that provides fast food with a customer rating of the city centre near Café Sicilia. 

 The Vaults is a pub located near Café Adriatic in the riverside area. It is not a cheap and has a price range of less than £ 20. 

 The pub located in the riverside area near the riverside area serves Indian food for the riverside area near the kids. 

 Near Café Rouge is a kid friendly pub near Café Rouge, which is moderately priced pub that serves Japanese food. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia that serves Indian food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. 

 The Mill is a pub with a moderate price range and is located in the city centre. 

 The Wrestlers is a pub with a moderate price range and located in the city centre. It has a moderate price range. 

 Green Man is a pub that is family friendly and is located near the riverside area. 

 There is a moderately priced pub called The Vaults that has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located near the riverside area of 5. 

 The Mill is a family friendly coffee shop located on the riverside. It is a coffee shop with a price range of less than £ 20. 

 A family friendly coffee shop named The Cricketers near Ranch. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food in the riverside area. It is kid friendly and is located near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that is not family friendly. It is not family friendly and is located near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly pub providing Japanese food in Riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is in the riverside area and is located near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near the riverside area near Café Sicilia. It is a coffee shop. 

 Clowns is a pub with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. 

 The Plough is a pub with a high price range and is not child friendly. It is located near Café Rouge in the city centre. 

 The Vaults is a Japanese food pub called The Vaults. It is not children friendly and it is not children friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a non family - friendly coffee shop that serves Indian food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre. It is not family friendly. 

 The Phoenix, a 5 star family - friendly, located in the city centre, is a family friendly pub that serves French food in the city centre. 

 The Phoenix is a French restaurant located in the city centre. It is a family - friendly and a cheap French food place that has a low customer rating. 

 The Cricketers is a non family - friendly coffee shop that serves Japanese food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not kids friendly. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop located near Café Brazil in riverside area near Café Brazil. 

 Giraffe is a pub located in Riverside. It is family friendly and is a pub. 

 The Mill is a pub that is located in the city centre area. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and has a moderate price range. 

 The Waterman is an Italian pub that serves Italian food and is kid friendly. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub in the city centre. It has a low customer rating. It is family - friendly and is family - friendly. 

 The pub is a pub that provides Japanese food in the moderate price range. 

 The Cricketers is an average rated family friendly coffee shop called The Portland Arms. It has a high price range, but not family - friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a coffee shop in the city centre near the city centre. It is not kid friendly, but it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. 

 Green Man is a kid friendly Italian restaurant that is located in the riverside area near All Bar One. 

 Located near Ranch, there is a kid friendly pub called Wildwood. 

 Near Café Rouge is a pub near the riverside area of the Green Man. It is not kid friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a child friendly pub in the city centre near the city centre. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub near the city centre near Café Rouge. 

 The Vaults is a non family friendly coffee shop near the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Phoenix is a pub that serves fast food in the Riverside. It is located in the Riverside area. 

 Located near the riverside, Green Man is a pub that serves Italian food. 

 There is a coffee shop called Wildwood located near the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Punter is a child friendly Indian coffee shop with a high price range. It is located near Café Sicilia. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop that has a low customer rating. It is not family - friendly and is not family friendly. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced English pub that serves English food. It is moderately priced and is family - friendly. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced restaurant called The Mill. It serves English food. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Japanese food. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 rating of 5 stars. It is not family friendly and a 5. 

 Giraffe is a pub that serves English food. It is located near the riverside and is kid friendly. 

 Blue Spice is a pub serving English food and is located in the riverside area. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop that is not family - friendly and the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 There is a family friendly coffee shop called The Punter. It is family friendly. It has a low customer rating and it is located near Express by Holiday Inn. 

 Clowns is a pub located near Café Sicilia. It is a pub near Café Sicilia. 

 The Vaults is a pub located near the Café Sicilia. It is a pub serving Italian food and has a low customer rating and the price range is family friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a highly rated restaurant that is not family friendly. It is not kid friendly. It has a high customer rating and has a high customer rating. 

 The Punter is an average priced Italian coffee shop near Café near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has an average customer rating. 

 The Punter is a high priced restaurant near the river. It is child friendly, expensive, serving Italian food and has a high price range. 

 There is a pub named Wildwood that serves French food and it is located in the riverside area near the riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a cheap Fast food, family friendly, located at riverside. It is cheap fast food, and is located in Riverside. 

 The Punter is a moderately priced Chinese food pub located in the city centre. 

 Strada is a pub located near Yippee Noodle Bar. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Vaults is a moderate price. It is a coffee shop located in riverside. 

 The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Japanese food in the riverside. It is not kids friendly and a moderate price range. 

 The Vaults is a cheap Japanese pub located near the riverside. It is family friendly and is located near Café Rouge. 

 The Vaults is a pub that serves Italian food. It is kid friendly. It is near the riverside and has an average rating. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop near Ranch in the city centre. It is a low priced, but it is not family - friendly and has a 5 out of 5. 

 The Punter is an Italian restaurant near the name with a high price range. It has a high customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not child friendly. 

 The Mill is a kid friendly, moderately priced, located by the riverside. 

 The Phoenix is a moderately priced fast food place that provides fast food. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Plough is a Chinese restaurant located near The Plough and serves Chinese food. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Vaults is an Italian pub near the food, and is child friendly. It is kids friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese coffee shop in the city centre. It has a high customer rating. It is not child friendly and is not child friendly. 

 The Vaults is a pub in riverside near Café Sicilia. It is not family friendly. 

 The Punter is a kid friendly Indian restaurant near Café Sicilia. It is located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Mill is a cheap pub serving Fast food. It is located on the river. 

 The Punter is a mid priced Indian coffee shop near the Riverside area near the Express by Holiday Inn. It is kids friendly coffee shop. 

 Near Ranch, there is a kid friendly coffee shop called The Cricketers. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving coffee shop serving fast food near Ranch. It is located near Ranch. It is near Ranch. 

 The Cricketers is an expensive coffee shop serving English food near All Bar One. It is not children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 The Plough is a kids friendly pub located near Express by Holiday Inn. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. 

 The Phoenix is a French pub located in the city centre near the city centre. It has a customer rating. It is near the city centre. 

 The Cricketers is a low rated, located near All Bar One, near All Bar One. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop located in riverside near Café Brazil. It is not children friendly. 

 Giraffe is a fast food pub that is child friendly. 

 The Vaults is a pub in the city centre near the city centre near Café Adriatic. It has a price range is family - friendly and is called The Vaults. 

 The Vaults is a pub near The Vaults located near Café Adriatic, that is not family friendly. It is not family friendly. 

 The Vaults is a kid friendly Italian pub near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, near the average priced Italian food. 

 The Plough is a Chinese pub that serves Chinese food in the £ 20- £ 25 price range is kid friendly. It is located near Café Rouge. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop located near the Ranch. It has a rating of 3 out of 5 out of 5 and has a customer rating of 5. 

 Near the city centre near All Bar One is a great place called Green Man. 

 The Wrestlers is a pub that is not kid friendly. It is located in the riverside. 

 The Phoenix is a high priced pub located in riverside. 

 The Waterman, is a pub in the riverside area. It is located in Riverside area. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly Italian coffee shop that offers Italian food for less than £ 20 and has a low customer rating. 

 The Waterman is a pub near the riverside. It serves Italian food. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The pub, located in the city centre, serves Italian food and has a customer rating of Cambridge. 

 The Wrestlers is a children friendly Italian restaurant that is located near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Mill is a family friendly pub located in the riverside area. It has a low customer rating and is a price range of less than £ 20. 

 The Mill is a family friendly pub located in the riverside area and serves fast food in the riverside area,. 

 The Vaults is a kid friendly coffee shop serving French food with moderate price range in the city centre. 

 A family friendly coffee shop called Giraffe. It is located in the riverside area near the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop that offers Indian food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. 

 The Punter is a child friendly Indian coffee shop that serves Indian food in the high price range. It is near Café Sicilia. It is more than £ 30. Its price range is more than £ 30. 

 The Wrestlers is a 5 rated 5 out of 5. It is a pub that serves Japanese food. It is not children friendly and is located in the riverside area. 

 The Mill is a pub located in the city centre. It is not family - friendly and a pub serving English food. 

 In the city centre, The Phoenix is a pub that serves fast food and has a low customer rating. It is not family - friendly and is not family - friendly. 

 The Punter is an Italian coffee shop that serves Italian food. It is not family - friendly and it is near the city centre near the customer rating and is not child friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a coffee shop located in the city centre. It is not family - friendly and is not a low price range and is not family - friendly. 

 Blue Spice is a kid friendly Japanese food restaurant that is located in the city centre. 

 The Punter is a children friendly pub near Café Sicilia with a price range of more than £ 30. It is located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Punter is a moderately priced pub serving Chinese food in the city centre, but not kid friendly. 

 The Plough is a family friendly Chinese restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn. It is family friendly in the riverside. 

 The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It is family friendly and it is near Café Sicilia and a low price range and has a low customer rating. 

 Giraffe is a coffee shop in riverside area. It is not family - friendly. 

 Giraffe is a pub serving French food in the riverside area near the riverside area. 

 The Punter is a highly rated coffee shop providing Indian food in the city centre. It is not children friendly. It is not children friendly. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop serving Indian food in the city centre near the high price range. It is not children friendly. 

 The Plough is a pub located near Café Rouge in the centre near Café Rouge. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Mill, The Mill is a coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area. 

 In the city centre, there is a pub named Midsummer House. 

 The Plough is a non children friendly, an Indian pub providing Indian food in the city centre near Café Rouge. 

 Giraffe is a family friendly fast food pub that is family - friendly and is located near the city centre. 

 In the city centre, The Waterman is a kid friendly Indian food restaurant that is kids friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly restaurant located near Ranch. 

 The Phoenix is a coffee shop with a high customer rating in the riverside area of £ 20 - 25, and £ 20 - 25. Its customer rating is £ 25. 

 The Waterman is a family friendly restaurant with a price range of less than £ 20. It is located near the city centre. 

 The Waterman is an Indian restaurant near the riverside near the riverside area. It is not kid friendly. It has a high price range is in riverside area. 

 Located near the city centre, a pub that provides Japanese food. It is in the city centre. 

 The Wrestlers is a moderate priced Italian restaurant serving Italian food. 

 The Punter is a cheap coffee shop located near the city centre near Café Sicilia and has a 5 out of 5 rating. 

 The Vaults is a kid friendly pub that is located in riverside near Café Rouge in Riverside area. 

 Cocum is a high rated, highly rated place to Cocum. 

 The Phoenix is a pub in the city centre, located in the city centre. 

 The Cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It has a customer rating. 

 Blue Spice is a family friendly restaurant located on the riverside. 

 Near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre is The Plough, and is not family friendly. It is not children friendly. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced fast food pub serving fast food with a moderate price range. It is kid friendly and a customer rating of 3 out of 5. 

 The Phoenix is a French food restaurant located in the riverside area. It is not family - friendly and offers a low customer rating. 

 The Mill is a high priced coffee shop located in the city centre near the high price range. It is a high price range. 

 The Punter is a cheap Indian food restaurant that is cheap and is near Café. 

 The Wrestlers is a mid - priced pub that offers Japanese food with a price range of £ 20 - 25. 

 The Plough pub near the high price range and is near Café Rouge. It is not kid friendly and is located near Café Rouge. 

 The Mill is a pub in the city centre near the city centre area that serves English food in the city centre area. 

 The Mill is an expensive restaurant that serves English food. It is child friendly and is located in the riverside. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving Indian food near Café Sicilia. It has an average customer rating. It is family friendly and is located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Phoenix is a moderately priced, located in the riverside area that is a 3 out of 5 star, and mid - range. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near All Bar One. It is located near All Bar One. 

 The Mill is a Fast food pub in the city centre and is a high customer rating. It is located near the city centre. It is not kid friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a child friendly restaurant near Ranch. It is family friendly. It is kid friendly. 

 Located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre, The Waterman. It is a pub. It is family friendly establishment. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop located in Riverside. It is not family friendly. It is located near Café Rouge. 

 The Plough is a kids friendly pub near the Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn. It is not kids friendly. 

 Giraffe is a children friendly pub near the riverside area. It is a family - friendly pub that serves fast food. 

 In the city centre, The Phoenix serves Indian food at a 5 out of 5 customer rating is a 5. It is family - friendly and is in the city. 

 Giraffe is a family friendly French restaurant in the riverside area. It is kid friendly. 

 There is a pub called Wildwood that serves French food. It is located near the riverside. 

 The Mill is a restaurant located in the city centre near the city centre. It has a low customer rating. 

 The Mill is a pub located in the city centre near the city centre. 

 There is a family friendly Italian coffee shop named The Olive Grove near the city centre that is a family friendly. 

 The Phoenix, a pub located in the city centre that serves fast food. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. It's children friendly, with a child friendly environment. 

 The Cricketers is a child friendly pub with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 The Phoenix is a family - friendly fast food restaurant in Riverside area near the riverside area. 

 The Waterman, located in the city centre is an Italian restaurant with a high price range. 

 Giraffe is a kid friendly coffee shop located in the city centre. It has a customer rating of the city centre. 

 The Phoenix is a child - friendly, in the city centre, but has a 3 out of 5 rated 5 and located near the city centre. 

 The Waterman is a pub located on the riverside that serves Indian food. It is not family friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves moderately priced Indian food. It is near the Ranch. 

 The Vaults is a pub located near the city centre near the city centre near Café Adriatic with a high customer rating and a high customer rating. 

 The Waterman is a kids friendly restaurant near the riverside area, offering Italian food in the riverside area. 

 Cocum is a pub with a low customer rating and has a low customer rating. 

 A cheap Italian restaurant, The Waterman is an Italian food. It is located in the riverside area. 

 Giraffe is a pub located in the riverside area. It is not a pub that serves fast food. 

 The Punter is an expensive family friendly, located near Café Sicilia and not family friendly. 

 There is a family friendly Japanese coffee shop named The Wrestlers that serves Japanese food and is kids friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese restaurant in the Riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It's kids friendly, is not family friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a child friendly restaurant that has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves affordable food. 

 The Phoenix is a family - priced, near Raja Indian Cuisine, located near the riverside area. 

 There is a kid friendly coffee shop named The Cricketers near the Ranch with a 3 out of 5 customer rating. 

 Near Café Sicilia there is a children friendly coffee shop called The Cricketers. It has a high customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop located in riverside area. It is kid friendly and a bit price range of more than £ 30. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near Ranch. It serves Indian food. 

 Green Man is a pub providing Japanese food in the city centre. It is not child friendly. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly coffee shop in riverside area near Café Sicilia. 

 Near the riverside there is a high price range. It is a pub named The Vaults. It is children friendly and a children friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Italian food in the city centre. It is children friendly. 

 Located in the riverside area, The Phoenix is a fast food restaurant named The Phoenix. It is located near the riverside area. 

 The Mill is a highly rated, located in the riverside area. It is a children friendly restaurant with a high customer rating. 

 The Vaults is a family - friendly French pub in the city centre near The Vaults. 

 The Wrestlers is a pub in the riverside area, a Japanese pub near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not family - friendly and is not family - friendly. 

 The Plough is a pub near Café Rouge. It is located near Café Rouge. It is located near Café Rouge. 

 Near All Bar One is a restaurant called The Cricketers. It is located near All Bar One. 

 Giraffe is a pub serving Fast food. It is located in the riverside area. 

 There is a kid friendly Japanese restaurant called Green Man near the riverside near All Bar One. 

 Cocum is a coffee shop. It is rated coffee shop. 

 The Wrestlers coffee shop that is a family friendly atmosphere in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 There is a Italian coffee shop called Wildwood in the riverside. It is not family friendly. 

 Strada is a pub which offers Indian food and it is rated 1 out of 5. 

 The Cricketers is a family - friendly coffee shop located near the Ranch. 

 The Vaults is a pub in the city centre near the city centre. It is not child friendly and is located in the city centre. 

 Near Ranch is a child friendly coffee shop called The Cricketers. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and has a customer rating. 

 The Wrestlers, near Raja Indian Cuisine, The Wrestlers is a children friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not child friendly. 

 The Punter is a moderate price restaurant located in the city centre, moderate price range and is moderately priced Indian food, with a customer rating of 5. 

 Green Man is a pub that is family friendly. It is located in the riverside near the riverside area. 

 The Mill is a pub that offers Fast food with a price range. It is not child friendly and is located in the riverside area. 

 Giraffe is a pub providing fast food in riverside. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near All Bar One in the city centre, serves Chinese food. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 A pub in the city centre. It has a moderate price range is located near All Bar One. 

 The Waterman is a non family friendly coffee shop that serves Italian food. It is located in the city centre near the city centre. 

 The Wrestlers is a child friendly Japanese restaurant with a high price range. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Phoenix is a pub located in the city centre. It is a pub, and low customer rating. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop located in the city centre, a coffee shop located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. The Punter has an average customer rating of 5 out of 5. 

 The Phoenix is a highly priced Fast food place in the Riverside area that is kids friendly. 

 The Vaults is a pub located in the city centre near the city centre area. It is a pub that has a high price range is family - friendly. 

 Cocum is a low rated coffee shop that has a low customer rating. 

 There is a moderately priced Italian pub called The Vaults with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located near the riverside area near the river. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly Japanese food pub located in riverside. The Vaults. It is located near the riverside area. 

 The Punter is a kid friendly Indian food, near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre. It has a moderate price range. 

 The Cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop serving high customer rating 1 out of 5. It is located near All Bar One. 

 The Phoenix is a family - friendly pub near the riverside, and French food for French food. 

 The Cricketers is a pub, located near Café Rouge, but is a high price range, near Café Rouge. 

 Blue Spice is a family friendly restaurant in riverside area near Avalon in the riverside area near Avalon. 

 Blue Spice is an expensive Chinese restaurant. It is not family friendly. 

 The Mill is a fast food coffee shop that has a high customer rating. It is located in the city centre near the city centre. 

 Near the riverside there is a high priced Italian pub called The Waterman that is not kid friendly. 

 Cotto is a cheap restaurant serving pub with a price range. 

 The Vaults is a moderate priced Italian coffee shop serving Italian food. It is located in the city centre near the city centre near the city centre. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese restaurant in riverside area. It is kid friendly. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Phoenix is a kid - friendly French food pub with a price range of 3 out of 5 customer rating of 5. 

 The Phoenix is a high priced pub in riverside. It has an average customer rating. 

 Located in Riverside area is a family friendly pub in Riverside area. It is a pub in the riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly coffee shop serving French food and has a high price range of £ 20 - friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a high rated Indian coffee shop which serves Indian food. It is not kids friendly. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Wrestlers is a cheap Japanese pub, near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 Giraffe is a fast food pub serving fast food. It is family friendly and is family friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly pub near the Ranch. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating of 5. 

 The Punter is a kids friendly coffee shop that provides Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located near Café Sicilia. It is near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is average. 

 Blue Spice is a family friendly restaurant that serves English food and is family friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a kid friendly coffee shop providing Japanese food. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Wildwood is a pub that serves Indian food. It has a moderate price range is located in the city centre. 

 The Phoenix is a kid friendly pub in riverside area that serves French food in Riverside. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a pub that serves Italian food for adults only with a high customer rating and the city centre. 

 Cocum is a cheap Japanese coffee shop that has a customer rating of less than 20. 

 The Phoenix is a family friendly pub in the city centre. It is a cheap French food and it is child friendly and is located in the city centre. 

 Near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn, there is a coffee shop called The Punter, it's not family friendly. 

 The Wildwood is a family friendly pub that serves French food in the price range. 

 The Waterman is a moderately priced Indian restaurant in the city centre. It is not kid friendly. 

 Near The Portland Arms is a coffee shop named The Cricketers. It is located near The Portland Arms. 

 The Phoenix is a 3 out of 5 customer rating, kid friendly, moderately priced, serves fast food. It is in the city centre. 

 The Wrestlers is a pub providing Italian food in the high price range. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a highly rated restaurant located near All Bar One. It has a high customer rating and is not children friendly. 

 The Vaults is a pub near Café Rouge. It is family friendly pub that is in the riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a French restaurant that offers French food in riverside area. It is located in the riverside area. 

 Giraffe is a Fast food restaurant with fast food. 

 Near Ranch, there is a family - friendly pub called The Cricketers. 

 The Phoenix, located on the riverside and cheese is a family friendly place. 

 The Mill, is a moderately priced English pub, it is not kid friendly. 

 The Punter is a cheap English food, cheap pub near Café Sicilia 

 The Cricketers is a children friendly Italian restaurant that is child friendly. It has an average customer rating. It is near All Bar One and is located near All Bar One. 

 There is a pub called The Vaults that provides French food in riverside. It is not family - friendly. 

 Blue Spice serves Chinese food in the riverside area is kid friendly. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. 

 The Mill is a mid priced fast food pub in the city centre. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Vaults is a Japanese coffee shop located in the Riverside. They serve Japanese food at the high customer rating. 

 The Phoenix is a moderately priced restaurant located in the riverside area. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop serving Indian food. It is near the Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5 and the Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5 and is 3 out of 5. 

 The Wrestlers is a pub with a high customer rating and has a high customer rating and is called The Wrestlers. 

 The Cricketers is a highly rated, child friendly coffee shop. 

 Located near Café Sicilia, The Vaults is a child friendly coffee shop with a price range of more than £ 30. It is child friendly. 

 Blue Spice is a Chinese food pub that provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. 

 Near Café Rouge, The Portland Arms is a coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. The Portland Arms, serving English food with an average customer rating. 

 The Punter is a cheap pub that is family friendly and is family friendly. 

 Giraffe is a pub that is kid friendly and is child friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a kid friendly pub that offers French food. It has a price range is located in the riverside area and it is less than £ 20. 

 The Portland Arms, near The Portland Arms is an average rated family - friendly pub near The Portland Arms. It is near The Cricketers. 

 The Waterman pub is located in the city centre. They serve Italian food. It is not a family - friendly and are not family friendly. 

 The Wrestlers, a Japanese pub near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Punter is a pub near Café Sicilia near Café Sicilia in the riverside area. It is called The Portland Arms. It is family friendly and is kid friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a mid - priced coffee shop located in the riverside area. It serves fast food. It's not kid - priced. 

 Located in the riverside area, The Phoenix is a child friendly restaurant with a price range of 20 - 25. 

 The Cricketers is a Chinese restaurant located near All Bar One, has a 3 out of 5 customer rating of 5. It is not kids friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a child friendly pub located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is family - friendly. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It has a high price range is family friendly and is family friendly. 

 Green Man is a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop with a moderate price range and a moderate price range. It is located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Wrestlers is an Italian coffee shop that serves Italian food and is not child friendly. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Plough is a Chinese pub near the high price range. It is located near the Express by Holiday Inn. It is near the Express by Holiday Inn. 

 The Wrestlers is a pub serving Japanese food that is a kid friendly environment that is located in the riverside area. 

 Located near the riverside area near All Bar One, Green Man is a family friendly, Green Man. 

 The Waterman is a child friendly Indian food place, located in the city centre. It has a high customer rating. 

 The Phoenix is a pub located on the riverside near the riverside area. It has a low customer rating and the riverside area and is not child friendly. 

 Near the riverside there is a cheap Italian restaurant called The Punter. 

 The Plough is a kid friendly Chinese food restaurant located near the riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn. The Plough is kid friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a highly rated restaurant in the city centre, it is a kid friendly place with a high price range of £ 20 - 25. 

 The Punter is a moderately priced restaurant that is not family friendly. 

 The Vaults is a child friendly coffee shop that is located near the city centre near Café Brazil. They serve French food and is more than £ 30. 

 The Wrestlers is a moderate priced Japanese pub providing Japanese food. 

 The Cricketers is an adult shop located near All Bar One. This family friendly coffee shop near All Bar One is not family friendly. 

 Blue Spice is a children friendly English restaurant that is family friendly. 

 The Cricketers is an adult only coffee shop. It is located near Ranch. It has a low customer rating. 

 The Cricketers is a non family friendly coffee shop located near the city centre near Café Rouge. It is not family - friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. 

 The Phoenix is a 5 - friendly pub, located in the city centre. It is not child friendly and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating of 5. 

 The Waterman is a pub in the city centre. It is kid friendly, and is kids friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a kids friendly coffee shop near All Bar One, with a moderate price range. 

 There is an Italian coffee shop named The Punter. It has an average customer rating and the riverside near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. 

 The Punter is an average priced coffee shop near the Café Sicilia. It has an average customer rating, but the price range. 

 Blue Spice is a pub with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. 

 Clowns is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Clare Hall. 

 There is a moderately priced family friendly The Punter, near Café Sicilia called The Punter that serves Chinese food. 

 There is a kid friendly restaurant called The Cricketers. It's near All Bar One. It is located near All Bar One. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced coffee shop that offers high priced and has moderate prices. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop located near Café Rouge. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located near Café Rouge. 

 The Punter is a kid friendly restaurant located in the riverside area. They are kids friendly, and are located in riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a pub near Café pub near the city centre. It is not kids friendly and has a price range of 3 out of 5. 

 The Cricketers is a family - friendly coffee shop located near the river near the Express by Holiday Inn. 

 There is an Indian pub called Wildwood that serves Indian food with a price range of less than £ 20 and is located near the riverside. 

 The Waterman is a pub in riverside area near the riverside area. It is a pub that serves Indian food. 

 There is a fast food restaurant named The Phoenix in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre. 

 Green Man is a family friendly restaurant near All Bar One. It is located near All Bar One. 

 There is a cheap Fast food restaurant called The Phoenix in the riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a French restaurant located near the riverside and is a low - friendly place that has a low customer rating. 

 The Waterman pub near the city centre is a moderate price range in city centre. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Punter is a low priced coffee shop serving Indian food in the city centre near the customer rating. The Punter is not family friendly. 

 Giraffe is a coffee shop in the riverside area. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Green Man is a children friendly restaurant. It is located near the riverside area near All Bar One. 

 The Cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop with a high customer rating and is near All Bar One. It is high customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 The Punter is a high price range pub in the riverside area near Café Sicilia that serves English food. 

 The Vaults is a pub providing Japanese food in the city centre. It is located near Café Sicilia. It is not child friendly and is not kids friendly. 

 The Vaults is a pub that is not family - friendly, is not family - friendly and the city centre. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a moderately priced Chinese restaurant in the city centre near the city centre. It has a 1 out of 5. 

 The Punter is a moderate priced Chinese food in the city centre. It is located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Cricketers is a high priced coffee shop that is near the high customer rating, near All Bar One. It has a high customer rating. 

 The Cricketers is a cheap restaurant that is a cheap Chinese restaurant located near All Bar One. It has a cheap and is near All Bar One. 

 The Vaults is a 5 out of 5 Japanese food in the city centre. It is a 5 customer rating of 5. It is family friendly coffee shop. 

 Green Man is a kid friendly place that is located in the riverside area near the riverside area. 

 The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Italian food restaurant that serves Italian food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 Giraffe is a children friendly Fast food pub with a high customer rating. 

 The Mill is a moderate price range coffee shop located in the riverside area. It has a moderate price range. It is located in the riverside area of 1 out of 1 out of 5. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced pub which is located in the city centre area. It is not kid - friendly. 

 The Portland Arms is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre, they are located near The Portland Arms. 

 The Mill is a children friendly pub located in the riverside area, and the riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly Japanese food pub serving Japanese food. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It is not family - friendly. It is not family friendly. It has a customer rating. 

 Giraffe is a kids friendly fast food place called Giraffe. It has a low customer rating. 

 The Phoenix is a fast food restaurant located in Riverside. It's not child - friendly. 

 The Punter is a cheap Italian coffee shop that serves Italian food. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating of 5 customer rating. 

 The Phoenix is an expensive, fast food restaurant located in the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop near the Ranch, located near Ranch. It is located near Ranch and has a high customer rating. 

 The Phoenix is a pub in the riverside area and the riverside area, is a pub that provides French food. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Mill is a high priced restaurant near the riverside. 

 The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. 

 The Punter is a pub located near Café Sicilia in the city centre near Café Sicilia that has a moderate price range. 

 The Vaults is a cheap coffee shop that is located near Café Rouge in the city centre. It is not family - friendly and it is not family - friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving English food with a price range of £ 20 - 25 and it is located near All Bar One. 

 Clowns is a 3 out of 5, located near Clare Hall. 

 Located in the city centre is a moderately priced French coffee shop that is The Vaults. It is family friendly. 

 Giraffe is a family friendly pub located near the riverside area near the riverside area. 

 The Waterman is a pub in the riverside area. It is located on the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is an average customer rating is an average rating, which is an average rating and serves Chinese restaurant located near All Bar One. 

 The Vaults is a pub serving French food in the city centre, with a moderate price range. It is kid friendly. 

 Giraffe is a pub serving Fast food. It is not family - friendly and is not kids friendly. 

 Near All Bar One is a cheap, near All Bar One and is a family - friendly coffee shop. It is not family friendly. 

 The Phoenix, it is a pub in the riverside area with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 customer rating. 

 The Punter is a high priced coffee shop providing Indian food. It is located in the riverside area near Café Sicilia. It is high price range. 

 Green Man is a child friendly Italian restaurant that is located in the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop located near All Bar One. It has a 5 out of 5 rating of 5 and is located in the city centre. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly restaurant located near the Ranch. 

 The Portland Arms is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the city centre with a moderate price range. It is not kids friendly and is located in the city centre. 

 The Plough is a family friendly restaurant located near Express by Holiday Inn. 

 The Vaults is a children friendly coffee shop in riverside area near the riverside area, and coffee shop. 

 The Wrestlers is a coffee shop with moderate price range. It is located in the city centre and has a moderate price range. 

 The Phoenix is a family - friendly French food in the riverside area, and offers French food. 

 The Vaults is a kid friendly, is a coffee shop located in riverside area. It is a moderate price range and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. 

 The Wrestlers is a kids friendly coffee shop offering Japanese food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It has a customer rating of 5 and a moderate price range. 

 Blue Spice is a Chinese restaurant that offers Chinese food. It is family friendly. 

 The Plough is a pub near the city centre near Café Rouge, near Café Rouge. It is child friendly, and is located near Café Rouge. 

 The Vaults is a pub serving Japanese food in the city centre near Café Sicilia. It is located near Café Sicilia. It has a moderate price range and a moderate price range. 

 The Phoenix is a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area. It is located in riverside area. 

 The Wrestlers is a coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the Raja Indian Cuisine. It is child friendly. 

 The Mill is an average priced French restaurant located in the city centre. 

 The Wrestlers is a coffee shop with a price range of more than £ 30. It is not children friendly and a price range of more than £ 30. 

 The Waterman is a pub in the riverside area. It is located riverside area and is kid friendly. 

 The Punter is a moderately priced restaurant located near The Punter. It is not family - friendly, is located near The Portland Arms. 

 The Plough pub is a high priced Chinese pub that provides Chinese food. 

 The Punter is a cheap Indian food restaurant located near the riverside. 

 The Vaults, a coffee shop serving Japanese food for less than £ 20. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Plough is a kid friendly Italian restaurant in the high price range. 

 Green Man is a kid friendly pub that is located near the riverside area near the riverside. 

 There is a non - friendly Italian restaurant named Wildwood. It is located in the city centre near the city centre near the city centre. 

 Located near Café Adriatic in the riverside area, The Vaults is a family friendly pub which is a family friendly and is a coffee shop. 

 The Vaults is a non kid friendly coffee shop near the riverside near The Vaults near Café Brazil. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese coffee shop in the riverside area. It has a price range of less than 20 and is not family friendly. 

 There is a cheap Japanese coffee shop called The Wrestlers near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is family friendly. It is located in the riverside. 

 Giraffe is a family - friendly coffee shop in the city centre. It is family friendly and is located in the city centre. 

 The Mill is a high priced coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It has a high price range, which is not children friendly and a high price range. 

 The Mill is a pub in the city centre, cheap fast food pub serving fast food. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia that serves Italian food near Café Sicilia, near Café Sicilia with a high price range. 

 The Vaults is a pub in the riverside area near the riverside area near Café Brazil. It is kid friendly and is called The Vaults. 

 The Punter is a high price range, near the city centre, serving Indian food with a high customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 Blue Spice is a pub that serves Chinese food in the riverside area. It is not child friendly. 

 The Punter is a cheap Indian restaurant in the riverside. It is cheap. 

 In the city centre is a Japanese coffee shop called The Wrestlers. It serves Japanese food. 

 The Waterman is a pub in the city centre. It is not family - friendly and located in city centre area. 

 The Cricketers is a kids friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 5. It is near All Bar One. 

 The Waterman is a family friendly Italian restaurant located in the city centre near the city centre. 

 Located in the city centre, The Green Man is a family friendly restaurant. It is kid friendly and has a price range of more than £ 30. 

 The Mill is a coffee shop that serves fast food in the city centre. It is not family - friendly and is not family - friendly. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop serving French food at less than £ 20, located in the riverside area. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese pub serving Japanese food in the riverside area, is kid friendly. It is located in riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel. 

 Blue Spice serves English food in Riverside, is kid friendly and has a high customer rating. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese coffee shop serving Japanese food, they are located near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Cricketers is a kids friendly coffee shop near Ranch. It has a 3 out of 5 customer rating of 5, and has a customer rating of 5. 

 The Vaults is a pub located near the river, the riverside area and serves Italian food. It has an average customer rating. 

 In riverside area The Phoenix is a pub that serves fast food. It is not a moderate price range and is located in riverside area. 

 Strada is a 1 out of 5, and coffee shop that serves moderate price range. It has a customer rating of 5. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly coffee shop called The Vaults, but is located near the city centre. 

 The Vaults is a child friendly coffee shop serving French food for more than £ 30. The Vaults. 

 The Punter is a child friendly pub near the Café Sicilia. 

 Cocum is a pub with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. 

 Giraffe is a pub that is not child friendly and it is located near the riverside area. 

 The Punter is a pub located near the city centre near the city centre near Rainbow Vegetarian Café Sicilia and has an average customer rating 

 The Phoenix is a fast food coffee shop in riverside area with a high price range. It is located in Riverside. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub, with a price range of less than £ 20. It is located in the riverside area. 

 There is a coffee shop called The Cricketers. It is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has a customer rating of 5. 

 The Cricketers is an average rated pub located near Café Sicilia. It is family friendly. 

 The Waterman is a pub in riverside that is located in the riverside area. It is family friendly. 

 The Plough is a family friendly and is located near the riverside area near The Bakers. It is near The Bakers. 

 The Punter is a family friendly pub serving Chinese food with a price range of less than 20. It is located near Café Rouge. 

 Giraffe is a pub that serves pub located in the riverside. 

 There is a child friendly coffee shop called The Portland Arms with a customer rating of 5. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Italian food in the city centre near Café Sicilia. It has a high customer rating. It is located near Café Sicilia. 

 Near the riverside area is a family friendly, the riverside area with a high price range. 

 The Wrestlers coffee shop is a moderate price range. It is not kid friendly. It is in the moderate price range is not kid friendly. 

 The Plough is a kid friendly restaurant near the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn. It is not kid friendly and is located near All Bar One. 

 Giraffe is a family friendly pub that is located near the riverside area. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced establishment that serves English food. It is located in the riverside area near the riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a family friendly fast food coffee shop with a high customer rating. It is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 There is a cheap Fast food restaurant in the riverside area called The Phoenix. It has an average rating. 

 Cocum is a coffee shop that serves expensive. 

 Blue Spice is a restaurant located near Avalon in the city centre. 

 Blue Spice is a children friendly restaurant in the riverside area, is kid friendly and has a price range of Cambridge Blue Spice. 

 The Mill, The Mill is a pub in the riverside area. 

 The Phoenix, an French food is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near the riverside area. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a cheap Japanese restaurant that serves Japanese food. It is not family friendly. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a French pub located in the city centre near the city centre, has a high customer rating. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food and is not family - friendly. 

 The Punter, located near the Café Sicilia, has a cheap Indian food and has an average customer rating. 

 In the city centre near the city centre, there is a kid friendly pub called The Phoenix which has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. 

 The Wrestlers is a coffee shop in the moderate price range. It is kid friendly with a moderate price range. 

 The Waterman is a pub in the city centre. It is not family - friendly and has a price range of less than £ 20. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop near the cheap Indian food place with an average customer rating near Café Sicilia. It is in the high price range of 3 out of 5. 

 The Phoenix is a cheap Indian restaurant with average customer rating. It is not family - friendly. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia in riverside area near Café Sicilia. It is kid friendly environment. 

 The Wrestlers coffee shop offers Japanese food. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not kid friendly. 

 The Vaults is a pub that serves Italian food with a high customer rating. It has a high customer rating. It is not child friendly. 

 The Phoenix, is a family friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area and the riverside area. It's not family - friendly. It is located in riverside area near Burger King. 

 The Waterman is a coffee shop serving Indian food in riverside. It is located in Riverside area. 

 The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that is a moderately priced establishment that serves Japanese food and is not family friendly. 

 There is a children friendly restaurant called Green Man near the riverside area near the riverside area near the Green Man. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub located in the city centre. It is a pub. 

 Cocum is a coffee shop with an average customer rating. 

 There is a moderately priced Italian coffee shop called The Wrestlers that serves Italian food. It is not kid friendly. It is not kid friendly. 

 The Vaults is a children friendly French restaurant with a high price range of more than £ 30. It is child friendly environment. 

 The Wrestlers is a coffee shop with a high price range in riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is in riverside area. 

 Zizzi is a pub that is family friendly pub. 

 Blue Spice serves English food. It has a high price range of more than £ 30. It is located in riverside. 

 The Mill is a pub which is located on the riverside. It is located in the riverside area. 

 Near the Blue Spice is a pub which offers English food and is family friendly. 

 The Mill is a family friendly coffee shop near the river. It is located next to the riverside. 

 Green Man is not kid - friendly and offers Japanese food. It is located in the city centre near the city centre. 

 Cocum is a pub with a customer rating of more than £ 30. 

 The Plough is a pub in the city centre near Café Rouge and serves Chinese food. It is not family friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a low rated, a non family - friendly restaurant located near All Bar One, and is not family friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a moderately priced fast food pub located in the city centre. 

 The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Japanese food in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is children friendly. It is family friendly and is family friendly. 

 The Indian Cuisine, an Indian restaurant that is located in the riverside area. 

 There is an Indian pub that provides Indian food in the city centre. It is located in the city centre. It has a moderate price range. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the riverside area near Café Sicilia. It has a low customer rating. It is located near Café Sicilia. It is not family friendly. 

 Green Man is a kid friendly pub near the riverside area near All Bar One that is called Green Man. It has a high price range and is in riverside. 

 Wildwood is a coffee shop serving French food that serves French food. 

 There is a kid friendly coffee shop near the riverside near the name a moderate price range. It is located near the riverside area near Rainbow Vegetarian Café 

 The Punter is a coffee shop with a low customer rating. It is not family friendly. It is not family friendly. 

 A restaurant is a coffee shop with a price range of £ 20 - 25. It has a price range of £ 20 - 25. 

 The Punter is a non family friendly Indian food coffee shop near Café Sicilia with a high price range of 5 out of 5 and has a customer rating and is near Café Sicilia. 

 The Punter is a pub near Café Sicilia with a price range of less than £ 20. It is not kid friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop near Café Rouge in riverside area with a high customer rating and is called The Portland Arms. 

 There is a child friendly restaurant The Cricketers, near to eat that serves English food with a high price range. It has a high customer rating. 

 The Punter is a pub serving Chinese food at a cheap price range. It is located near Café Sicilia. It is not family friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a non family - family friendly coffee shop that provides Italian food. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop that is near Ranch. 

 The Cricketers is a high customer rating restaurant with a high customer rating. It is a high customer rating. 

 The Mill is a cheap Indian restaurant in the riverside area. 

 There is a coffee shop that is not kid friendly. It is not family friendly. 

 The Vaults is a Japanese coffee shop serving Japanese food with a low prices less than 20 and is not family - friendly. 

 Near the river near Café Rouge, there is a kid friendly pub called Wildwood. 

 The Mill is a pub serving English food and near the city centre with prices less than £ 20. 

 The Wrestlers is a non children friendly pub near Raja Indian Cuisine and a customer rating of 5. 

 There is a restaurant called The Vaults that serves Indian food in the riverside area. It is child friendly and is located in riverside area. 

 The Punter is a kids friendly pub serving Chinese food near Café Rouge in the riverside area near Café Rouge. 

 The Wrestlers is a pub near Raja Indian Cuisine, a Japanese coffee shop that offers Japanese food at riverside and is kid friendly. 

 The Punter is an Indian coffee shop serving Indian food at a child friendly. It is located near the riverside. It has a high customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 The Cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop near Ranch. It is located near Ranch. 

 The Mill is a cheap fast food coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is not family friendly and located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Plough is a pub serving Chinese food with a high prices located in the city centre. It is located near the city centre near Café Rouge. 

 The Waterman is an Italian pub in the riverside area. It is not kid friendly. It is located near the riverside area and is not child friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese pub serving Japanese food in the city centre. It is not family - friendly. 

 Blue Spice is a pub that provides Chinese food in the city centre near the city centre. 

 The Punter is a child friendly coffee shop that provides Indian food. It is located in the high customer rating and is near the high price range. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop near Ranch. It has a 3 out of 5. 

 Near Café Sicilia there is a kid friendly coffee shop called The Cricketers. It is located near Café Sicilia and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 out of 5. 

 The Phoenix is a moderately priced fast food restaurant that has a moderate price range. 

 The Cricketers coffee shop near Ranch, has an average customer rating. It is a low customer rating and a low customer rating. 

 There is a pub called Blue Spice in the riverside area that offers English food. It is family - friendly 

 The Phoenix is a child friendly pub in the riverside area with a high customer rating. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub, near the riverside near the Café Sicilia. It has a low customer rating and is family friendly and is family friendly. 

 The Vaults is a kid friendly pub with a price range of 3 out of 5. 

 The Mill is a pub in the riverside area, however which serves fast food. It is not kid friendly. 

 The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area. It is a price range. It has a low customer rating. 

 The Phoenix is a high priced Fast food restaurant located in riverside area, located in riverside area. 

 Blue Spice is a child friendly pub that is located in the city centre. 

 The Vaults is a moderately priced pub located in the city centre. It is not child friendly. 

 Cocum is a restaurant with a price range of less than £ 20. 

 The Vaults is a moderately priced pub that is not family friendly. It is located in the riverside. It is not kids friendly. 

 There is a family friendly pub near the riverside named The Vaults. It is located near the river. 

 The Cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop located in the riverside near the high price range of more than £ 30. 

 The Mill is a pub that serves English food with moderate price range located in the riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub located in the riverside area with a price range of less than £ 20. 

 Wildwood is a coffee shop with a moderate price range. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Plough is a pub near the Café Rouge located near Café Rouge that serves Chinese food. It is not family friendly. 

 The Vaults is a pub serving Italian food in the moderate price range. It is not child friendly. It is not kids friendly. 

 The Punter is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is a cheap and is family friendly. 

 The Vaults is a highly rated pub that is not child friendly. It is near the prices and is not family - friendly and is near the high. 

 Blue Spice is a children friendly restaurant in the riverside area. 

 Blue Spice is a kid friendly pub located in the riverside area. It serves Chinese food. 

 The Phoenix is a moderately priced fast food restaurant located in Riverside area near the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop with an average customer rating and family - friendly environment. It has an average customer rating. 

 The Wrestlers is a pub that serves Japanese food and is kid friendly, and it is located near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 Giraffe is a pub that is children friendly and the riverside. 

 The Wrestlers is an adult oriented coffee shop providing Italian food. 

 The Punter is an Italian coffee shop located in the city centre near the city centre with a high customer rating of £ 20 - 25. It is not kid friendly. 

 There is a child friendly restaurant called The Mill. It is located in the riverside area near the riverside area. 

 Near Ranch is a family friendly coffee shop called The Cricketers. It has a low customer rating and is family friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a non family - friendly coffee shop located in the city centre. It is not child friendly. 

 There is a fast food place near the Giraffe. It is not kid friendly. 

 The Vaults is a pub near the family friendly and a kid friendly pub with a moderate price range. It is located near the Café Brazil. 

 The Punter is a family friendly restaurant serving Indian food, located near Café Sicilia. It is a family friendly, it has a low customer rating. 

 Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. 

 The Wrestlers is a moderately priced restaurant with a moderate price range. It is not kid friendly and a moderate price range. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a high priced family friendly restaurant located near All Bar One. It has a high customer rating. 

 The Giraffe is a non - friendly French pub located in the city centre near the city centre near The Bakers. 

 The Punter is a child friendly coffee shop that is children friendly and is near the Café Sicilia. The Punter. It has a high customer rating. 

 The Waterman is a high priced Indian restaurant that serves Indian food. 

 The Mill is a pub that serves fast food in the riverside area. It is located in the riverside area. 

 Strada is a pub that offers Chinese food at average customer rating. 

 Loch Fyne is an Italian restaurant in riverside. 

 There is a low - friendly coffee shop called The Vaults with a price range less than £ 20. It is not family friendly and has a low customer rating. 

 Cocum is a pub that serves cheap and has a customer rating. 

 The Cricketers is a highly rated coffee shop located near All Bar One. It is a child friendly establishment located near All Bar One. It is near All Bar One. 

 Wildwood is a pub that provides Indian food in the city centre. Its customer rating is high price range is average. 

 The Waterman pub located in Riverside area, is a pub that serves Indian food in the riverside. 

 The Phoenix is a pub that serves fast food. It is located in riverside area. It has a price range of less than £ 20. 

 The Vaults is a high priced pub that has a high customer rating and high customer rating. It is child friendly. 

 In the city centre area, there is a 3 out of 5 customer rating, a coffee shop called The Phoenix, it's not kid friendly and has a customer rating of 5. 

 The Phoenix is a family - friendly French food in riverside area with a low customer rating. It has a low customer rating. It has a price range of 1 out of 5. 

 The Phoenix is a French pub located in the city centre. It's a French food and has a high customer rating of 5 out of 5. 

 The Mill, a pub located in the riverside area, it is moderately priced. 

 The Vaults is a child friendly pub located in the city centre. It is child friendly and is child friendly. 

 Strada is a pub that offers sushi. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. 

 The Phoenix offers cheap Indian food in Riverside, near the riverside area near the average price range, has a 5 out of 5 out of 5. 

 The Plough is a family friendly place near Express by Holiday Inn in the Café Rouge. It is family friendly, it is family friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a low priced restaurant with cheap price range less than £ 20. 

 The Punter is a child friendly Italian coffee shop located near the river near the Café Sicilia with an average customer rating. 

 Zizzi is a pub serving Italian food in Riverside. 

 The Cricketers is a cheap coffee shop located near All Bar One in the city centre area near All Bar One, with an average customer rating. 

 The Cricketers is a family - friendly coffee shop located near All Bar One with a price range of £ 20 - 25 in the city centre near All Bar One. It is near All Bar One. 

 Green Man is a Japanese food restaurant near the riverside. They serve Japanese food. It is near the riverside. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub in the city centre near the city centre with a price range less than £ 20. 

 The Wrestlers is a pub in riverside area. It serves Japanese food. It is kids friendly and has a high customer rating. 

 The Punter is a children friendly Italian coffee shop offering Italian food at a 1 out of 5 customer rating and is kid friendly. 

 There is a coffee shop called The Phoenix that has a high customer rating and has a high customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not children friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Japanese coffee shop that provides Japanese food in the riverside. It is not kid friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop that is not kids friendly and is not family - friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly pub that serves Italian food and has an average customer rating. 

 In Riverside area, near the river, near the name of the Crowne Plaza Hotel. 

 The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop serving Indian food in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. They serve Indian food. It is kids friendly. 

 The Mill is a high priced restaurant that is not child - friendly and has a high customer rating. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant serving Italian food in the riverside area. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 In the city centre there is a pub called The Waterman. It has a high customer rating. It is children friendly, and is located in the city centre. 

 The Mill is a pub which serves fast food and has a low customer rating. 

 The Vaults is a moderately priced Italian pub called The Vaults. It has a 1 out of 5 customer rating. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a French pub in the city centre. It is located in the city centre. 

 Blue Spice is a kid friendly pub that serves English food in the high price range. It is high price range. 

 In the city centre near The Mill is a pub called The Mill. It is a pub with a price range less than £ 20. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop near Ranch. It is family friendly and is located near Ranch. 

 The Waterman is a non family - friendly coffee shop located in the city centre. It has a high customer rating. It has a high customer rating and has a high customer rating of 3 out of 5. 

 The Plough is a kids friendly pub in riverside area, located near Café Rouge. It serves Chinese food. 

 Zizzi is a cheap family friendly coffee shop. 

 A Fast food is a fast food pub near the riverside area near All Bar One. 

 The Cricketers is a restaurant located near All Bar One that is not kids friendly and has a moderate price range. 

 The Mill is a cheap fast food pub that serves fast food in the riverside area. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a pub that serves Japanese food in the price range. It is located in the riverside area near the riverside area, but the riverside area. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves cheap, near Café Rouge. It is family - friendly. It is located near Café Rouge. 

 The Phoenix is a Fast food pub in the city centre. It is not child - friendly and has a high customer rating of more than 30. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Japanese food. It is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 There is a kid friendly Japanese restaurant called The Wrestlers. It is located in the city centre. It has a moderate price range and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 out of 5 customer rating of 5. 

 The pub that serves Indian food and is located in the city centre, and is not family - friendly. 

 Clowns is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food and is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. 

 The Wrestlers is a high price range Japanese restaurant that is kids friendly. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Punter is a cheap coffee shop near the price range, with average customer rating and average customer rating. It is near the Café Sicilia 

 The Punter is a cheap Italian restaurant located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and an averagely rated family friendly coffee shop near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. 

 The Wrestlers is a moderate price range and moderately priced, located in the riverside area. It is not kids friendly. 

 The Cricketers is an expensive coffee shop serving English food and is not child friendly. It has a high customer rating. 

 The Wrestlers is a moderately priced restaurant in the riverside area. 

 The Mill is a coffee shop located near Café Rouge that offers fast food with a low customer rating and is less than 20. 

 The Mill is a moderate price range is moderate priced, moderately priced restaurant that is located in the riverside area. 

 The Phoenix is a kid friendly pub near riverside located near the river near the riverside area. 

 The Waterman is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced English coffee shop. It is located in the city centre. 

 Located in the riverside area there is a cheap pub called The Mill. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese restaurant serving Japanese food for families. It is located in the riverside area and has a price range of more than £ 30 

 The Mill is a pub located in the riverside area near the riverside area. It is high and is a high price range and is called The Sorrento. 

 The Vaults is a child friendly, located near the city centre, located in the city centre area near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves Indian food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 The Mill is a pub that serves English food in the city centre. It serves English food in the city centre area. It is not kids. 

 The Vaults is a pub serving Italian food in the city centre near the city centre with a high price range. 

 Near the riverside is a pub serving English food that offers English food. It is located near the price range and has an average customer rating of less than £ 20. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese restaurant that is a Japanese restaurant that serves Japanese food. It is not family - friendly and has a price range of more than £ 30. 

 The Wrestlers is a non family - friendly Japanese coffee shop that is located in the city centre. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Mill is a coffee shop that serves Fast food and is near Café Rouge. It is located near Café Rouge. It is located in the riverside. 

 Blue Spice is a family friendly pub that is located on the riverside. 

 The Punter is a high priced coffee shop which serves Italian food. It is located near Café Sicilia. 

 Wildwood is a pub that serves French food at a high priced and offers French food. 

 The Phoenix is a kid friendly pub that offers French food in riverside area of 5 customer rating. 

 The Mill is a pub located near Café Sicilia in the city centre. It has an average customer rating. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine in the price range. 

 The Phoenix is a highly rated, French pub that provides French food and is not a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is in riverside. 

 The Cricketers is a highly rated restaurant that provides Chinese food, and has a high customer rating. It is located near All Bar One. 

 The Wrestlers is a pub providing Japanese food. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. 

 The Waterman is a pub in Riverside near the area near the riverside area, try The Waterman. It serves Italian food and has a customer rating. 

 The Punter is a pub located near Café Rouge in the city centre near Café Rouge. It is kids friendly. 

 Green Man is a pub that is located on the riverside near the riverside area near All Bar One. 

 The Phoenix, a French food, near the riverside area near the river, is a coffee shop that has a price range of less than £ 20. 

 The Waterman is a pub located in Riverside area. It is not child friendly and is in the riverside area and the riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a moderately priced coffee shop serving Italian food in the riverside area near the riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly French coffee shop near Café Brazil in the city centre. It has a price range less than £ 20. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub near the riverside with a low prices less than £ 20. 

 The Phoenix is a highly rated restaurant in the city centre, it has an average rating of 5. 

 The Punter is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop with a family friendly atmosphere. It is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. 

 The Mill is an average priced, a coffee shop located near the riverside and costs less than £ 20 and has a low customer rating. 

 The Mill is a low - friendly restaurant near the city centre. The Sorrento. It is located in the city centre. 

 There is a family friendly coffee shop near Ranch called The Portland Arms and has a low customer rating. 

 The Phoenix is a French pub in the city centre near the city centre. It has a 5 out of 5 out of 5 rating, has a low customer rating. 

 Blue Spice is a family friendly restaurant in riverside area near the Blue Spice. It is kid friendly and is located near the Riverside area. 

 Green Man is a family friendly pub serving Italian food and is located in the riverside. 

 The Wrestlers is a non family - friendly Japanese restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 Clowns is a French food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. 

 There is a high priced pub located in riverside area near the riverside area. 

 The Waterman is a pub near the riverside. It serves Italian food. 

 The Mill is a fast food restaurant located in the city centre near Café Rouge. It has a rating of 5 out of 5. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is family friendly with a low customer rating. 

 The Punter is an Italian restaurant located near Café Sicilia, is not family friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located near Café Sicilia. 

 Green Man is a pub near the Green Man pub that serves Italian food. 

 The Vaults is a kid friendly coffee shop that is located near The Vaults. It is located near Café Brazil. 

 The Cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop providing English food in riverside. It is located near Café Rouge. It is located near Café Rouge. 

 Green Man is a kids friendly pub that offers Japanese food in the city centre near All Bar One. 

 The Vaults is a moderate priced coffee shop that provides Japanese food in the moderate price range. It is not kid friendly. It is located in the city centre. 

 There is a pub near the river called The Vaults which serves Italian food and is not family - friendly. 

 In the city centre, The Waterman is a child friendly pub that is located near the city centre near the city centre. 

 The Mill is a pub that is an average rated. They are located in the riverside. 

 The Punter, a family friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. 

 There is a pub called Wildwood pub that serves French food. It is located in riverside. 

 The Plough is a pub that provides Chinese food located near the river. It is not child friendly and is not family friendly. 

 The Mill is a cheap, located in riverside, moderately priced fast food coffee shop. It is near Café Rouge. 

 The Punter, family friendly Italian coffee shop has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. 

 The coffee shop offers Indian food. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Mill is an expensive place in the city centre near Café Rouge. The Mill is not family - friendly. 

 The Vaults is a family friendly pub located near the river. It has a low customer rating and low customer rating. 

 The Vaults is a pub in the city centre. It is a Japanese food and a price range is children friendly and is located in the city centre. 

 Green Man is a pub that provides Japanese food in the riverside area near the riverside area. 

 The Mill is a coffee shop that serves English food in riverside area. It is not family friendly and is not family friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a restaurant located near All Bar One with a moderate price range. It is a customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 The Vaults is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves French food. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Punter is a pub located near Café Rouge in the riverside area that serves English food with high price range. 

 There is a pub called Wildwood located near Ranch. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Phoenix is a pub in the city centre that serves French food in the city centre. The price range is not family - friendly. It is not family - friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a child friendly pub near the Ranch and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. 

 The Cricketers is an average restaurant in the city centre near All Bar One. It is not family - friendly, which is not family - friendly and has an average customer rating. 

 Located in riverside area, Wildwood is a children friendly pub that serves French food 

 The Punter is a high priced, family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area. It is child friendly. 

 There is a family friendly Japanese pub called The Vaults. It is located near the city centre. It is located in the city centre near the city centre. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Japanese food and is moderately priced and the riverside area. 

 The Waterman is a pub in the city centre that serves Indian food. It is kid friendly. It has a moderate price range. 

 The Wrestlers is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves Japanese food. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. 

 Giraffe is a restaurant with a moderate price range of the city centre. 

 The Phoenix is a child friendly restaurant in the riverside area that has a high customer rating. 

 The Wrestlers is a pub in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop that provides Indian food in the high price range. It is £ 20 friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a high priced coffee shop with high price range located near All Bar One, near All Bar One. 

 The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that is located in the city centre. It has a high price range. 

 Clowns is a pub located near Clare Hall. 

 The Wrestlers is a family friendly pub in the riverside area. It is family friendly, with a price range of less than £ 20. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop located near Café Rouge. It is near Café Rouge. 

 Giraffe is a pub that serves fast food and is family friendly and has a high customer rating. 

 There is a fast food restaurant in the city centre called The Phoenix. It is not kid friendly and has a high price range. 

 The Cricketers is a moderately priced, is a kid friendly restaurant serving Indian food. It is located in the city centre near All Bar One. 

 The Wrestlers is a cheap, family friendly Japanese coffee shop. It is family friendly and has a cheap price range of less than £ 20. 

 The Mill, The Mill is a moderately priced English food pub in the riverside area. 

 There is a pub that is in the city centre. It has a high price range. 

 The Vaults is a mid - priced Italian pub serving Italian food, is family friendly. It is moderately priced Italian food and is family. 

 The Phoenix is a fast food pub near the riverside area. It is located in riverside area. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese coffee shop with a moderate price range in riverside. It is not kid friendly. 

 The Wrestlers is a pub near the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine and is child friendly and it is located near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Vaults is a French restaurant in the city centre area near The Vaults. The Vaults. It is not child friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a kids friendly coffee shop in the riverside area. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located near the riverside. 

 There is a pub called Blue Spice that serves Chinese food. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Vaults is a high priced coffee shop near the riverside near the Vaults. It has a high customer rating and has an average customer rating. 

 The Vaults is a high priced coffee shop that serves Italian food and is not family friendly. It is not child friendly. 

 The Vaults is a moderately priced coffee shop that is not family - friendly. It is not kid friendly. It has a 1 out of 5. 

 The Mill is a coffee shop near Café Rouge in the riverside area near Café Rouge, it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. 

 Near the riverside area, The Wrestlers coffee shop with a cheap price range. It is family friendly and is family friendly. 

 There is a pub named Wildwood pub that serves French food. It is located near to Café Rouge. 

 Near the Green Man is a kid friendly pub that provides Italian food 

 The Vaults is a kid friendly coffee shop located in the city centre area. It is near the city centre. It is moderate price range is moderate. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop that is not family friendly. It is located near the riverside near The Vaults. 

 The Cricketers is a kid friendly pub near Ranch. It has an average customer rating. 

 The Vaults is a kid friendly Indian food restaurant that is in riverside. 

 The Mill is a pub serving fast food and moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. It is kid friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a family friendly restaurant with an average customer rating and is near Café Rouge. 

 Wildwood is a pub that serves French food in the riverside. 

 The Mill is a highly rated coffee shop located near Café Brazil in Riverside area near Café Rouge. 

 The Vaults is a pub, which serves French food in the riverside area. It is not children friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a moderate priced coffee shop located in Riverside. 

 The Phoenix is an Indian restaurant with a high customer rating. It is not child friendly. 

 Cocum is a high priced pub that is not family - friendly. 

 The Vaults, is a pub near to Café Brazil in the riverside area near Café Brazil. 

 The Punter is a cheap coffee shop that serves English food. It is located near to the riverside. 

 The Green Man is a family friendly Italian pub that is family friendly and has a kids friendly. 

 There is a family friendly coffee shop called The Punter located near The Punter. It is located near Café Sicilia. 

 In riverside area, a child friendly Indian Cuisine. It is in the riverside area near riverside area, high price range, but has a high price range. 

 The Phoenix is a high rated pub in the city centre and cheese and has a high customer rating. It is not kid friendly. 

 The Mill is a pub located in the riverside area. They are not kids - friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a children - friendly coffee shop that has a 3 out of 5 rating, located in the city centre near the city centre. 

 The Plough is a cheap pub near to the whole family. It is family friendly and a cheap pub near Café Rouge. 

 The Vaults is a coffee shop with a moderate price range and it is kid friendly with a moderate price range. 

 The Vaults, the riverside, near Café Rouge, is family friendly, near Café Rouge, serves Indian food. 

 The Mill is a high priced, high - priced pub located near the river. It is a child friendly pub that is also offers high price range. 

 Green Man is a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area. It is kids friendly. 

 The Phoenix is a cheap pub located riverside. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating of 5. 

 The Punter is a child friendly Italian coffee shop with a high price range located near Café Sicilia. They are located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Punter is a cheap coffee shop that is located near the city centre. The Punter, located near Café Sicilia. 

 Located near Café Rouge, The Cricketers is a kid friendly restaurant with an average customer rating. It has an average customer rating. 

 The Phoenix is a pub located in the riverside area. It is not kid friendly and has a moderate price range. 

 Blue Spice is a child friendly place in riverside area near the riverside area near Avalon. 

 The Phoenix, is a family friendly pub that serves French food. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Wrestlers is a Japanese restaurant serving Japanese food. It is located in the riverside area. 

 The Mill is a pub with a high price range. It is located in riverside area. 

 The Vaults is a cheap French restaurant in the riverside area near the riverside area. 

 Giraffe is a family friendly pub that serves Fast food and is family friendly. 

 In the riverside area, there is a kid friendly coffee shop called The Phoenix. It has a moderate price range and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. 

 In the city centre, is a family friendly pub called The Mill. 

 Near Raja Indian Cuisine, The Wrestlers is a kid friendly restaurant. 

 Green Man is a family friendly pub near the riverside near the Green Man 

 The Cricketers is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area near Ranch. 

 Cocum is a pub that serves fast food. It has a low customer rating. 

 The Phoenix is a pub located in the city centre. It is not children - friendly. It is located in the city centre. 

 The Mill is a family - friendly fast food pub located in the city centre, with a customer rating. It is called The Mill. 

 The Mill is a pub with a moderate price range. It is located in the city centre area. It is not kids friendly. 

 Giraffe is a pub in the riverside area near the riverside area. It is kid friendly. 

 The Mill is a highly rated pub located in riverside area. It is not child friendly and has a high price range. 

 The Wrestlers is a child friendly Japanese restaurant that serves Japanese food and is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine 

 The Mill is a kid friendly pub near the river. It is located in the river. 

 The Mill is a moderately priced coffee shop with a moderate price range. It is moderately priced and moderate price range. 

 The Vaults is a moderate priced Italian pub that has a moderate price range. It is located near the city centre and it is not child friendly. 

 The Cricketers is a kid friendly restaurant near Ranch. It is located near Ranch. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop located near Café Sicilia that offers Indian food. It is family friendly. It is located near Café Sicilia. 

 The Punter is a pub located near Café Sicilia. It is kid friendly pub with a high customer rating. 

 The Punter is a coffee shop that serves English food for a high price range. It is located near The Portland Arms. 

 The Phoenix in the city centre. It serves fast food in the city centre area, has a price range of £ 20 and is near The Phoenix. 

 Located near the riverside area there is a riverside called The Phoenix which is high price range. It has a high customer rating and serves fast food. 

 The Mill is a pub providing pub that serves English food in the moderate price range in the city centre. 

 The Cricketers is an expensive coffee shop that is not family - friendly. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is located in the riverside area. 

